Russian President Vladimir Putin again invited US President Donald Trump to visit Moscow in the coming year, according to a Kremlin readout of Putin's holiday greetings to foreign leaders posted Monday.
"In a Christmas and New Year greeting message to President of the United States of America Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin noted that Russia and the US were historically responsible for ensuring global security and stability, and that Moscow speaks in favour of normalising bilateral relations and establishing an equal dialogue based on the mutual respect of interests," the statement said. "The President of Russia also reaffirmed his invitation to Donald Trump to visit Moscow to take part in the celebrations of the 75th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War."
Putin's well wishes and invitation come after the Kremlin on Sunday released a separate readout of a phone call between Trump and Putin in which the two discussed "matters of mutual interest" and reached an agreement to "continue bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism."
The Kremlin-provided statement of the call -- initiated by Russia and the first between Putin and Trump since July -- said that "Vladimir Putin thanked Donald Trump for the information shared via the special services that helped prevent terrorist acts in Russia," but did not did not provide additional details about what information the US had provided.
Two Russian nationals, though, were detained Friday based on information provided by the US, according to a statement issued by the Federal Security Service of Russia. They had intended to carry out terrorist attacks in St. Petersburg on the New Year's Eve, the Federal Security Service said.
The White House issued a readout of the call on Monday, saying that Putin called Trump to "thank him for information the United States provided that helped foil a potential holiday terrorist attack in Russia."
"Both Presidents committed to continuing counterterrorism cooperation between the two countries," White House spokesman Hogan Gidley said in a statement. "The Presidents also discussed the state of relations between the United States and Russia and future efforts to support effective arms control."
Trump and Putin's unusually warm relationship has been the subject of intense scrutiny since Trump took office. Last year, he sided with the Russian President when he declined to endorse the US government's assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 US presidential election and has repeatedly dismissed credible allegations that Putin uses violence against his opponents.
In November, Trump said he was considering Putin's invitation to attend the Victory Day Parade -- widely seen as a celebration of Russian military power on the anniversary of the victory of allied nations over Nazi Germany in World War II -- that takes place in early May in Moscow.
"I was invited. I am thinking about it. It's right in the middle of our campaign season, but I am thinking -- I would certainly think about it," Trump said at the time.
"President Putin invited me ... It's a very big deal, celebrating the end of the war ... so I appreciate the invitation," he added. "I would love to go If I could."
The last time an American president visited Russia was in 2013, when then-President Barack Obama took part in the G20 economic summit in St. Petersburg. Former President George W. Bush attended the parade, which marked the 60th anniversary of the victory over Nazi Germany, in 2005.
The May 2020 parade will mark the 75th anniversary. In 1995, then-President Bill Clinton went to Russia to attend V-Day celebrations. Protesting Russia's use of force in Chechnya, Clinton and other world leaders boycotted a military parade in Moscow. Later, he attended the Red Square Parade, which did not feature military hardware at the time.
A defining feature of the Donald Trump presidency is the bombardment of lies -- Trump's unceasing campaign to convince people of things that aren't true.
Trump made more than 2,700 false claims this year. (We're still calculating the final total.) Some of them were innocent slips, some of them little exaggerations. But a large number of them were whoppers: deliberate, significant attempts to deceive and manipulate.
The breadth of the dishonesty was as striking as the frequency. Trump was inaccurate this year about every conceivable topic, from his dealings with Ukraine to the size of his crowds to, literally, the time of day.
He told too many lies for us to confidently pick a single most notable lie of the year. So we've picked our 12 most notable, one for every month. (We're defining notable as some combination of egregious, important and bizarre.)
Trump has long seemed to relish reciting lurid stories about the horrors of illegal immigration. During a barrage of immigration-related false claims in January, as he sought public support for the government shutdown over funding for his border wall, he came up with a vivid new tale about the logistics of human trafficking.
"And they'll have women taped -- their mouths with duct tape, with electrical tape. They tape their face, their hair, their hands behind their back, their legs. They put them in the backseat of cars and vans, and they go -- they don't come in through your port of entry because you'd see them. You couldn't do that," he said during a January 14 speech to the American Farm Bureau Federation. "They come in through our border, where we don't have any barriers or walls."
While it's possible some women are being made to suffer such kidnapping horrors, the policy premise of Trump's "duct tape" novellas -- that trafficking victims are never transported through legal ports of entry, only through the unprotected desert -- is not at all true.
Trump has depicted himself as a crusader against election fraud. What happened in February was telling.
On February 21, North Carolina's elections board ordered a new congressional election in the state's ninth district because of an actual case of apparent election fraud -- allegedly perpetrated by a Republican operative who was indicted the following week. On February 22, Trump was asked for his thoughts and he quickly pivoted to imaginary election fraud in another state.
"Well, I condemn any election fraud," he said. "And when I look at what's happened in California with the votes, when I look at what happened -- as you know, there was just a case where they found a million fraudulent votes..."
Trump's lying is rarely challenged in real time. This time, a reporter did try to object to the fiction about California. Trump responded with a favorite tactic: an aggressive "Excuse me, excuse me" interjection, then more dishonesty.
Nearly three years after Trump made his infamous "Russia, if you're listening" campaign request for help obtaining deleted Hillary Clinton emails, he announced a new explanation.
He had been just kidding. The media had failed to report that he had been just kidding.
"Because with the fake news -- if you tell a joke, if you're sarcastic, if you're having fun with the audience, if you're on live television with millions of people and 25,000 people in an arena, and if you say something like, 'Russia, please, if you can, get us Hillary Clinton's emails. Please, Russia, please. Please get us the emails. Please!'... So everybody is having a good time. I'm laughing, we're all having fun. And then that fake CNN and others say, 'He asked Russia to go get the emails. Horrible.' ...These people are sick," he told the Conservative Political Action Conference on March 2.
No, Trump didn't make the request before 25,000 people at a rollicking arena event. No, he wasn't laughing at the time.
Trump made his plea at a 2016 press conference, with a straight face. He offered no indication that he was anything less than serious.
This was up-is-down fake history, one of Trump's periodic efforts to rewrite a reality we were all able to witness.
Trump, who has tilted at windmills for more than a decade, made perhaps his strangest claim on the subject at a National Republican Congressional Committee fundraiser on April 2.
"Wind. If you -- if you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations, your house just went down 75% in value. And they say the noise causes cancer," he said.
There might indeed be a "they" Trump has heard saying that wind turbines -- which he habitually calls "windmills" -- cause cancer. That should not mean the President should pass on their false claim to the country. But Trump is not only a serial liar but a serial sharer of inaccurate information he has heard from a motley collection of dubious sources -- "many people," "some people," "they" -- and not bothered to verify.
Trump has been lying about Veterans Choice since 2018, falsely claiming he was the one who got it passed. His rendition on May 30, along with a similar claim in March, might have been the most egregious.
"I disagree with John McCain on the way he handled the vets, because I said you got to get Choice. He was never able to get Choice. I got Choice," Trump told reporters.
This was a double lie. In addition to taking his usual unearned credit for a program that President Barack Obama signed into law in 2014, Trump used his non-accomplishment as a cudgel against a deceased foe whose accomplishment it really was. McCain, in fact, was a key author of the Choice bill.
What Trump signed in 2018 was the VA MISSION Act, a law that expanded and modified the Choice program. The full name of the VA MISSION Act honors McCain: it is the John S. McCain III, Daniel K. Akaka, and Samuel R. Johnson VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Networks Act of 2018.
Trump had a real diplomatic success to boast about in 2018. North Korea had returned the remains of some of the American soldiers who were killed in the Korean War.
In 2019, as the diplomacy soured, North Korea ceased cooperating. Trump's solution: lie that North Korea was still cooperating, thus giving false hope to hundreds of American families.
"We've had, as you know, the remains of the heroes, our great heroes from many years ago -- that's coming back, and coming back as they find them, as they find the sites and the graves, and they're sending them back," he told reporters on June 25, just five days before he met with dictator Kim Jong Un at the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).
We thought at first that it was possible Trump just didn't know what was going on, since the Pentagon had only announced the suspension of the program in May. But, in mid-June, Trump was told by an interviewer that "the remains have stopped coming back."
He responded, "But they will be. Look, we've gotten remains back. That will start up again." He then continued speaking as if it had not stopped at all.
There just aren't many lies you can tell about a Muslim politician that are more incendiary than a lie that they'd said al Qaeda makes them proud. But here's what Trump said about Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar at a North Carolina campaign rally on July 17, wrongly describing remarks she had made in a 2013 interview: "Omar laughed that Americans speak of al Qaeda in a menacing tone and remarked that, 'You don't say America with this intensity. You say al Qaeda -- makes you proud. Al Qaeda makes you proud. You don't speak that way about America.'"
Trump continued his smear campaign against the Minnesota congresswoman later the same week, falsely claiming that Omar had used the phrase "evil Jews." In September, he shared a Twitter video that falsely claimed Omar had been dancing in celebration on the anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Between July 8, when we started counting Trump's false claims at CNN, and December 15, the day until which we currently have comprehensive data, Trump's most frequent false claim of any kind was that China is paying the entirety of the cost of his tariffs on imported Chinese products.
"We're not paying for the tariffs; China is paying for the tariffs, for the 100th time," he told reporters in one typical remark on August 18. "And I understand tariffs very well. Other countries, it may be that if I do things with other countries -- but in the case of China, China is eating the tariffs, at least so far."
His assertion has been contradicted by numerous tariff-paying American companies and by multiple economic studies. But Trump said it on 49 separate occasions over those five months. And he said it 20 times in August alone, more than he did in any other month, as he faced scrutiny over his intensifying trade war.
This credibility disaster would have been a one-day story if Trump had just acknowledged that his initial tweet was a mistake -- that, as the National Weather Service office in Birmingham, Alabama tweeted soon afterward, Alabama was not thought to be at greater risk from Hurricane Dorian than initially thought.
Trump preferred to lie than to admit error. His thoroughly deceitful multi-day effort to convince people that he had never been wrong about Alabama culminated in one of the most revealing images of the Trump era: the President of the United States displaying a Sharpie-altered map, which we could all see had been Sharpie-altered, as supposed evidence in his favor.
We counted 12 false claims from Trump on Dorian and Alabama over 11 days. Not including the Sharpie map.
The Sharpie madness was old news by the end of September. Trump's dealings with Ukraine, and Democrats' related impeachment push, were his most frequent subject of dishonesty in all four weeks of October.
His most frequent individual false claim on Ukraine or impeachment was that the whistleblower who complained about his dealings with Ukraine was highly inaccurate. He said this on 46 separate occasions through December 15.
"They heard a whistleblower who came out with a false story -- you know, people say, 'Oh, it was always fairly close.' It wasn't close at all. What the whistleblower said bore no relationship to what the call was," he said in one representative comment on October 9.
What did the whistleblower get wrong? Trump never explained in detail. He couldn't have: the whistleblower's primary allegations were proven correct, several of them by the rough transcript Trump himself released. But Trump just kept repeating his "false story" mantra over and over -- banking, as usual, on his ability to turn a lie into gospel among his supporters no matter how many times fact-checkers debunked it.
Trump first made a version of this claim at the end of September, but he repeated it on 30 separate occasions in October alone as Democrats moved toward impeachment. That was 17 more times than he uttered any other individual false claim that month.
Trump has to be egregiously inaccurate to get fact-checked by Fox News morning show "Fox & Friends," but his November 22 lie about the troops qualified. When Trump claimed he had "just pulled out of Syria," co-host Brian Kilmeade responded, "You have 600 guys there, right?" (The military had said at the time that perhaps 600 troops would remain in northeast Syria, plus another 100-plus troops in southern Syria.)
What Trump had decided in October, after a phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, was both to withdraw US troops from a Kurdish-held part of Syria that Turkey wanted to invade and to deploy US troops to protect oil fields in eastern Syria. The net result was a decline in the US troop presence in Syria, but -- as Kilmeade of all people noted -- not an actual pullout from the country.
Trump's claim on Fox & Friends was not a one-time slip. In October, when there were still about 1,000 soldiers in Syria, Trump said, "Look, we have no soldiers in Syria. We've won. We've beat ISIS. And we've beat them badly and decisively. We have no soldiers."
The President of the United States said this: "Dishwashers -- we did the dishwasher, right? You press it -- remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes. Now, you press it 12 times. Women tell me. Again, you know, they give you four drops of water. And they're in places where there's so much water, they don't know what to do with it. So we just came out with a reg on dishwashers -- we're going back to you. By the way, by the time they press it 10 times, you spend more on water -- and electric! Don't forget. The whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric. So we're bringing back standards that are great."
Trump's nonsense-rambling about home appliances lends itself to dismissive mockery, but it's worth taking it seriously. This was the President using two not-even-close-to-true premises -- that modern dishwashers require 10 or 12 button-presses to start and that modern dishwashers use more water and electricity than older dishwashers -- to justify a deregulation push that will do damage to the environment.
Members of the Environmental Protection Agency's own Scientific Advisory Board are raising concerns about several of the Trump administration's environmental priorities, including on auto emissions rules and clean water regulations.
That's surprising because the Trump administration has overhauled the panel of scientists, dismissing about half of its previous membership and raising alarms in the environmental community about increasing industry influence on the board.
In draft responses to several EPA policies posted online this month board members raise concerns with the agency's conclusions. The drafts are slated for consideration by the full board at a meeting early next year. The Washington Post first reported on the reports Tuesday.
The agency said it "appreciates and respects the work and advice of the" board.
"The reports they posted are draft and will be discussed at their next meeting," EPA spokeswoman Corry Schiermeyer told CNN. "The final commentary and reports will be developed soon after the public meeting and then sent to the Administrator."
In some cases, the drafts offer a stinging rebuke to the administration.
For example, the report on the administration's plan to freeze vehicle emission standards argues "there are significant weaknesses in the scientific analysis of the proposed rule."
Another draft commentary concludes the administration's overhaul of water regulations "decreases protection for our Nation's waters and does not support the objective of restoring and maintaining 'the chemical, physical and biological integrity' of these waters."
And a draft response to the agency's scientific transparency proposal calls increasing transparency "a worthy goal," but finds "key considerations ... have been omitted from the proposal or presented without analysis." Critics say the rule would restrict EPA scientists from using many public health studies, which for patient privacy reasons do not include raw data, but the agency says relying on studies with public datasets allows "the science to withstand skepticism and peer review."
Andrew Rosenberg, director of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said the draft response to this policy is "probably the strongest language I've seen" from the Scientific Advisory Board.
"It really is very strong and clear language. I'm very pleased to see it," he told CNN.
But despite the critical draft reports, he said his concerns with the board's composition remain. The Union of Concerned Scientists sued the agency in 2018 over new membership rules that it said would block qualified academic researchers from serving. That lawsuit was dismissed by a federal trial court but is currently on appeal.
Schiermeyer defended the agency's rules. She said the water rule was developed consistent with "authorities granted ... by Congress and the limitations established by the Supreme Court," which the Scientific Advisory Board does not need to take into consideration.
"As a result, the definition of 'waters of the United States' may be informed by science, but science cannot dictate where to draw the line between federal and state or tribal waters, as those are legal distinctions established within the overall framework and construct of the Clean Water Act," she said.
The vehicle emission proposal "will save lives and reduce the cost of a new car, while creating jobs across our nation," she added.
President Donald Trump said Tuesday he'll sign the initial trade agreement struck with China on January 15 in Washington.
He wrote in a tweet he'd be joined by "high-level representatives" from China at the White House. He also said he'd travel later to Beijing to begin a new phase of trade negotiations.
"I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15," Trump tweeted Tuesday while on vacation at his Florida estate. "The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!"
It's expected that China's lead negotiator, Vice Premier Liu He, will travel to Washington for the signing.
RELATED: What the interim US-China trade deal means -- and doesn't
As President, Trump has traveled to Beijing once before for an elaborate state visit hosted by President Xi Jinping. He did not specify when he would visit the Chinese capital for the next round of trade talks.
The visit would likely come under scrutiny as protests continue to grip Hong Kong and China's human rights record comes under fire for its continued detention of Muslims.
Trump has tread carefully on those issues as the trade talks progressed, but a visit to China would put them into sharper focus.
As he prepares to mount his reelection bid, Trump has hailed the China deal as a boon for American workers and farmers. Its signing will bring to a conclusion the long and sometimes-bumpy trade negotiations between the US and China that resulted in the deal struck two months ago.
Both sides say the package includes increased purchases of American farm goods by China in exchange for some easing of US tariffs. It also includes some provisions on intellectual property and currency.
But no text of the deal has been released since its completion was announced earlier this month.
The two sides were working to translate the document, which US officials said was going through a technical review before final sign-off.
The deal has eased -- for now -- the ongoing trade war between the world's two largest economies and its completion boosted markets as the year ended.
However, it stops short of the massive trade deal with sweeping changes to China's economic model that Trump has advocated and tariffs will remain on some goods as the two sides begin the next stage of talks.
President Donald Trump signed a bill on Monday that increases fines on criminal robocall violations and cracks down on companies making the calls, as part of a federal push against telephone scammers.
"This historic legislation will provide American consumers with even greater protection against annoying unsolicited robocalls," the White House Office of the Press Secretary said of the TRACED Act. "American families deserve control over their communications, and this legislation will update our laws and regulations to stiffen penalties, increase transparency, and enhance government collaboration to stop unwanted solicitation."
The move comes as part of crackdown against the targeting companies and individuals who have collectively placed more than 1 billion unwanted calls for financial schemes and other services. Monday's bill, which passed in the Senate in May and the House earlier this month, came following the Federal Communications Commission's announcement of a nationwide crackdown on illegal robocalls in June.
The legislation imposes stiffer fines of as much as $10,000 per call on robocallers who knowingly flout the rules on calls and instructs the FCC to develop further regulations that could shield consumers from unwanted calls.
It will also accelerate the rollout of so-called "call authentication" technologies the industry is currently developing, which could cut down on the number of calls coming from unverified numbers.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican and cosponsor of the bill, pointed to its bipartisan support in a statement earlier this month anticipating the President's signature.
"I have yet to meet someone who says they enjoy receiving those unwanted and illegal robocalls that plague our phones, whether we're at home, at work, or in the car, which is why the TRACED Act takes several important steps in the fight to curb this scourge," he said. He called the measure "a significant win for consumers in every corner of the country, and it finally and officially puts illegal robocallers on notice."
Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Ed Markey said that, by passing the legislation, the Senate "sent Americans a holiday gift on everyone's list: stopping the plague of robocalls."
"The annoying and harassing robocalls we receive every day are neither a Democrat nor Republican menace; they are a universal menace," he added.
The law isn't the only measure being taken to target the calls. The FCC voted in June to give wireless carriers like Verizon the green light to block unwanted robocalls automatically for all customers. In August, 12 of the nation's largest telecommunications companies and attorneys general from all 50 states plus Washington, DC, announced a voluntary agreement to prevent and punish illegal robocallers.
Last week, we got a small but tantalizing glimpse of the explosive cache of documents that the White House has tried to keep hidden from public view. They detailed the Trump administration's withholding of foreign aid to compel Ukraine to investigate one of the President's political rivals. It was a stark reminder that the administration is keeping vital information away from Congress and the public by stifling key witnesses who have firsthand knowledge of President Donald Trump's dealings with Ukraine.
Indeed, this is a cover-up, unfolding right before us.
The New York Times reported this week that, in late August, Trump met in the Oval Office with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, then-national security adviser John Bolton and Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. The purpose of the meeting, according to the Times: to convince Trump that releasing the held-back foreign aid to Ukraine was "in the best national interests of the United States." Pompeo, Bolton and Esper reportedly "tried but failed" in their mission.
Here are a few things about this August meeting that cannot be reasonably contested, regardless of political ideology. The meeting was important to the overall Ukraine timeline. At that meeting, Trump discussed with his key advisers whether to release the foreign aid to Ukraine. The team of advisers urged Trump to do so, but he refused.
Whatever was said at that meeting is crucial evidence of Trump's plan and intent regarding Ukraine, for better or for worse. Pompeo, Bolton and Esper all know what happened during that meeting. And all of them have, in one form or another, honored Trump's blanket instruction to executive branch officials not to testify.
It is precisely because of the crucial missing evidence that we need a real trial in the Senate. If Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell succeeds in his plan to conduct a hasty impeachment trial devoid of actual evidence or substance -- and, remember, McConnell has admitted that he is acting in "total coordination" with the White House -- then, make no mistake, justice will not and cannot be served.
Maybe the suppressed documents and testimony truly exonerate Trump, or -- perhaps more plausibly -- cast doubt on the central allegations of abuse of power contained in the articles of impeachment. But unless Trump agrees to release the missing information, we will never know. Common sense, and my own prosecutorial experience, tell us that Trump is likely hiding evidence for the most common reason that anyone hides evidence in any case: because he knows it is devastating to his cause.
If McConnell and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer cannot reach a negotiated agreement, then Senate Democrats have limited options to compel witness testimony against the will of the Republican majority.
Senate Democrats could file a lawsuit challenging a determination by McConnell not to call any witnesses. But such a lawsuit almost certainly would fail. Courts are reluctant to intervene in what they call "political questions," and a Senate impeachment trial is a classic example. It is very unlikely that a court can or would dictate terms of an impeachment trial, given that the Constitution grants the Senate the "sole power to try all impeachments."
Senate Democrats also could request subpoenas from Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, who will preside over the impeachment trial. But even if the chief justice granted a request for witnesses, he could be overridden by (or would defer to) a majority vote of the Senate, as even Schumer has acknowledged.
Given that Republicans hold a 53-47 Senate majority, Democrats would need to flip four Republican senators to vote with them to call witnesses or introduce other evidence. No Republican senator has committed to vote with the Democrats on those issues, though Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski has said she is "disturbed" by McConnell's open coordination with the White House on the impeachment trial -- perhaps signaling some willingness to join Democrats in favor of more fulsome trial procedures.
The Trump Organization on Monday fired "at least seven" undocumented workers at its winery in Virginia, The Washington Post reported, a move two of the former employees claim was strategic.
The Post said in its Tuesday report that the firings at the Trump Winery came nearly a year after the company "pledged to root out undocumented workers at its properties," but two of the former winery employees told the paper their dismissals came only after they completed the labor-intensive work at the site.
The Trump Organization has previously come under fire for having hired undocumented workers, firing in February at least 18 undocumented workers from five golf courses in New York and New Jersey.
Two of the now-fired winery employees, both of whom worked there for more than a decade, according to the Post, told the paper that "they thought the company had held off on firing them until after the year's work was complete, taking advantage of their labor for as long as possible."
This week's dismissals "came during the vineyard's winter downtime," according to the Post.
"I think they wanted to get their product out well, the grapes, to make sure that was taken care of, and once things were slow, they could fire us all," one unnamed employee told the paper. The other, Omar Miranda, a tractor driver from Honduras, told the Post that the winery "didn't make this decision in the summer because they needed us a lot then."
In recent months, undocumented workers from Trump's organizations have highlighted their ties to President Donald Trump, who has repeatedly disparaged Latinos and has made pushing hardline immigration policies a trademark of his presidency. Workers met with members of Congress in January to ask for protection, and two of them attended the State of the Union in February as guests of Democratic lawmakers.
CNN has reached out to the Trump Organization for comment. The organization did not respond to the Post's questions about the firings.
The paper said the winery has "long relied" on seasonal, documented immigrants to operate, but that "there has also long been a smaller parallel staff of undocumented employees who worked at the property year-round. This was the group fired on Monday."
Anibal Romero, a lawyer representing some of undocumented workers fired from the Trump Organization and who is advising Miranda, echoed Miranda's claim about the timing of this week's firings, telling the Post that the President "has known about these workers for months."
"He waits until the fields are tended, grapes picked, wine made. He then discards them like a used paper bag. Happy New Year. You're fired," he told the Post.
Donald Trump will go down in history as the third US president to be impeached. Yet no president has ever been convicted and removed from office as a result of impeachment, and it appears unlikely that Trump will be, either.
While no Republican senator has indicated he or she will vote for Trump's removal, prominent members of the GOP like former Arizona Senator Jeff Flake claim that at least 35 would do so if they were allowed to cast their ballots in secret.
Republican strategist Juleanna Glover has made the case for a secret ballot, arguing that it would be surprisingly simple to accomplish. (Steve Tidrick, then a Harvard law student, argued for a secret vote during the Bill Clinton impeachment.) Glover contends that it would take just a few Republican senators to demand a secret ballot on the condition that they would approve the rest of the rules governing the trial. Senator Brian Schatz, a Democrat from Hawaii, regularly points this out to his Twitter followers -- stating that it only takes "four votes for a fair trial."
The idea of a secret ballot, however, is contrary to the norm of transparency that would be expected for such a monumental decision. And it raises the issue of just how accountable elected representatives should be to American voters.
At the same time, members of the Senate have already stated the process will be highly partisan. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has said, "I will do everything I can to make it die quickly," and added, "I am not trying to pretend to be a fair juror here."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell went further, noting that he would be "in total coordination" with the White House. This, too, is at odds with norms associated with the rule of law, separation of powers and expectations articulated by the Framers of the Constitution.
In Federalist 65, Alexander Hamilton argued the Senate would be the proper venue to try the president because the House would lack the "requisite neutrality towards those whose conduct may be the subject of scrutiny." Instead, the Senate would "allow due weight to the arguments" that produced the impeachment, Hamilton wrote. He could imagine no other venue that would be "sufficiently dignified, or sufficiently independent."
Yet McConnell's announcement that he would "not be an impartial juror" suggests Hamilton's vision has not come to fruition in 2019 -- and does not translate in the 21st century.
Why? Because the Senate of the Framers is not the Senate we have today. It was not conceptualized around a two-party system, nor was it to be popularly elected. Recall that until the 17th amendment was ratified in 1913, senators were selected by state legislatures, not directly voted into office by the citizens of their states. The original Senate was more detached from the citizenry, therefore enabling senators to exhibit greater freedom from retribution at the ballot box for making unpopular decisions. In short, the House would be the responsive body (reflecting the will of the people), while the Senate would be the responsible body.
In Federalist 65, Hamilton rightly understood that impeachment would undoubtedly "agitate the passions of the whole community" and divide the country into "parties more or less friendly or inimical to the accused." And Hamilton's vision is validated by impeachment polling in recent years.
In 1998, 58% of Republicans supported removing President Bill Clinton, compared to just 15% of Democrats. Currently, 82.4% of Democrats support removing Trump from office, while just shy of 10% of Republicans do.
Hamilton went further and argued that "there will always be the greatest danger that the decision will be regulated more by the comparative strength of parties, than by the real demonstrations of innocence or guilt." For this reason, he believed the Senate would be the appropriate venue to hold a trial for impeachment, with the belief that senators would act as an impartial jury not swayed by public opinion or one's allegiance to a candidate or party.
The emergence of the two-party system and the direct election of senators have dashed Hamilton's hopes for an impartial body. Arguments for an anonymous jury can be seen as a means to capture the spirit of Hamilton's arguments in Federalist 65. A secret ballot, though not what Hamilton was advocating for, would give the Senate what Hamilton described as "confidence enough in its own situation, to preserve, unawed, and uninfluenced, the necessary impartiality" to render a fair trial.
Anonymous juries are sometimes used in high-profile cases when retribution toward jurors is a possibility or past efforts to obstruct justice have occurred. They have been used, for example, in the cases of crime bosses such as John Gotti and Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman. At the outset of the impeachment inquiry, California Rep. Adam Schiff likened Trump's behavior to that of a "classic mafia-like shakedown."
There is little doubt that Trump would seek vengeance upon any Republican in the Senate choosing to vote for his removal. The President has relentlessly targeted many of his critics on Twitter. He has questioned whether Schiff should be charged with treason, cited a Fox News personality in a tweet claiming his removal would result in a "Civil War"-like fracture and criticized former ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch during her testimony, leading to claims that he was engaged in witness intimidation in real time.
If an anonymous vote sounds like a far-fetched fantasy, history shows us that it has already been used twice -- not to remove a president, but to select one. Thomas Jefferson and John Quincy Adams were both selected by secret ballots through the House contingency procedure in 1800 and 1824 when the presidential candidates were unable to win a majority in the electoral college.
If a future president fails to obtain a majority in the Electoral College, the House would decide in a contingent election with no requirement that the commander-in-chief be selected through a public process. It seems that if transparency and accountability are not required in that instance, the same can be said of an impeachment vote.
However, while holding an anonymous vote may allow senators the freedom to make decisions they believe are in the best interest of the country, the need for trust, transparency, and accountability are critical in our current environment. Recognizing that senators would likely vote differently depending on the openness of their decisions is telling, revealing that the impeachment process of the Framers is deeply flawed.
In this way, Hamilton fully understood the need for the Senate to be free of political retribution in order to be an independent and impartial jury. This now seems impossible given how our politics have evolved.
How has President Donald Trump spent his Christmas vacation? Working, he says, but also on the golf course.
On Tuesday, Trump closed out the year with a visit to his Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach for the 12th time during his Florida vacation.
According to CNN's tally, he has spent at least 252 days at a Trump golf club and 333 days at a Trump property as President.
This year alone, he spent at least 86 days at a golf club, despite a late start due to the government shutdown. The golf excursions have included the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia; his Bedminister, New Jersey, golf club; Trump National Doral outside Miami; and Trump International Doonbeg in Ireland.
Trump joins a long list of presidents with a love of the game, though he is the only one who publicly -- and frequently -- criticized his predecessor, former President Barack Obama. Trump went after Obama's golf habits repeatedly on Twitter and on the campaign trail.
"I mean he's played more golf than most people on the PGA Tour, this guy," Trump said during a 2016 campaign stop in New Hampshire. "What is it, over 300 rounds? Hey, look, it's good. Golf is fine. But always play with leaders of countries and people that can help us! Don't play with your friends all the time."
Obama played 333 rounds of golf during his eight years in office, according to Mark Knoller of CBS News, who keeps detailed statistics of presidencies.
Though Trump criticized Obama for the price of his golf outings, the President's trips to Trump properties also raises questions about the federal government spending money at his namesake properties.
During a Christmas Eve call with US service members, Trump was asked about his holiday plans.
"I'm at a place called Mar-a-Lago, we call it the southern White House," he said. "I really pretty much work. That's what I like to do."
But Trump has long been known to mix business with pleasure at his golf properties both before and after assuming office.
As the US military carried out airstrikes in Iraq and Syria late Sunday morning, Trump was at his club. It's unclear whether he was playing golf at the time, however, CNN spotted him on the 14th hole approximately two hours after the strikes.
And while the President has repeatedly railed against impeachment on Twitter during his vacation, it's likely the topic has come up on the links, as well. His golf partners have included former Rep. Trey Gowdy on Sunday, Georgia Sen. David Perdue on Saturday, and Senate Judiciary Chairman Lindsey Graham on Monday. Trump was seen in the club's dining room with radio host Rush Limbaugh, his son Eric, and acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney the previous weekend. He's also been joined by some less political partners, including golf pro Gene Sauers.
As for Trump's second week of vacation, it's likely the pattern will continue -- highs in the 70s and low 80s in the forecast.
Early Sunday, the United States conducted airstrikes against five targets in Iraq and Syria associated with an Iran-backed militia. The militia, Kataib Hezbollah, has been blamed by the Pentagon for a number of recent attacks on American forces in Iraq, such as an attack Friday on a base near Kirkuk that killed a US civilian contractor and wounded four American servicemen.
The Pentagon was careful to note in the statement it released Sunday about the US strikes on the Kataib Hezbollah targets that these actions were "defensive" in nature because they were in response to attacks on American servicemen and contractors.
The military action, in conjunction with prior hesitation by the Trump administration to attack Iranian targets, suggests an emerging Trump doctrine about when he will authorize the use of military force.
Earlier this year, President Trump was hesitant to use force against Iran after Iranian forces shot down an American surveillance drone. At first, military action seemed probable, but on June 20 he pulled back airstrikes on Iranian targets that could have killed as many as 150 people, claiming it wasn't a "proportionate" response to the unmanned drone that was brought down.
Three months later, on September 14, a barrage of missiles and drones targeted two of the world's most important oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, knocking out about half of the country's oil capacity and immediately spiking oil prices around 15%. A day after the attacks in Saudi Arabia, President Trump tweeted that the United States was "locked and loaded depending on verification" of who was behind the attacks. Yet when the Trump administration credibly blamed Iran for the attacks, Trump, it turned out, didn't want to get embroiled in another war in the Middle East and chose to impose additional sanctions on Iran instead of a military response to the attack on a close ally.
Taken together, these examples indicate the administration has developed a set of principles when it comes to conflict with Iran or its proxies.
Trump will not carry out military operations against Iran for attacks against unnamed American drones. He will also not respond when a close ally such as Saudi Arabia suffers significant attacks on the key node of its economy.
Trump will, however, respond militarily when Americans are killed or wounded by Iran or its proxy forces.
Sunday's strikes in Iraq and Syria are a sensible and proportionate use of force by a commander in chief who, despite his often-hyperventilating rhetoric, has hitherto proven reluctant to get into a shooting war with Iran.
Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke with President Donald Trump by phone Sunday, discussing counter-terrorism efforts and "matters of mutual interest," according to a Kremlin readout of the call.
"Vladimir Putin thanked Donald Trump for the information shared via the special services that helped prevent terrorist acts in Russia," the Kremlin-provided statement said. "Several matters of mutual interest were discussed. An agreement was made to continue bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism."
The call -- the first between Putin and Trump since July -- was initiated by Russia.
The White House issued a readout of the call on Monday, saying that Putin called Trump to "thank him for information the United States provided that helped foil a potential holiday terrorist attack in Russia."
"Both Presidents committed to continuing counterterrorism cooperation between the two countries," White House spokesman Hogan Gidley said in a statement. "The Presidents also discussed the state of relations between the United States and Russia and future efforts to support effective arms control."
According to a statement issued by the Federal Security Service of Russia, two Russian nationals were detained Friday based on information provided by the US. They had intended to carry out terrorist attacks in St. Petersburg on the New Year's Eve, the Federal Security Service said.
In 2017, the CIA provided another tip to Russian special services about a separate planned terrorist attack at the Kazan Cathedral in St. Petersburg.
Trump and Putin's unusually-warm relationship has been the subject of intense scrutiny since Trump took office.
Last year, Trump sided with the Russian President when he declined to endorse the US government's assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 US presidential election, saying instead that he believed Putin's denial that his government meddled.
Trump has also repeatedly dismissed credible allegations that Putin uses violence against his opponents, saying in 2015: "I haven't seen any evidence that he killed anybody, in terms of reporters."
Former President Barack Obama has published his list of favorite books of 2019. The former president, who was known to read an hour a day toward the end of his presidency, has curated a selection that he noted on Instagram is part of the "fabric that helps make up a life" and can hopefully "enhance our day-to-day experiences."
What a contrast to President Donald Trump's list of books, which he recently promoted on Twitter.
While the books that Obama recommends will make readers more well-rounded and informed, Trump's list is filled with books that will make the reader angrier and more supportive of Trump. (Even as President, when Obama released his summer reading list, the titles ranged from books about former President John Adams to novels like, "The Bayou Trilogy." None were explicitly about Obama's political agenda or attacking his political rivals.)
Let's take a closer look at Obama's 2019 list. They include works of fiction, such as "Normal People," a story of two starkly different people from the same small town who must confront how far they will go to support each other. There's also the award-winning novel, "Trust Exercise," by Susan Choi, the story of students in the 1980s at a competitive performing arts high school that the Amazon description notes "will leave readers with wiser understandings of the true capacities of adolescents and of the powers and responsibilities of adults."
Obama also highlights numerous thought-provoking non-fiction books, such as the New York Times best seller, "Say Nothing: A True Story of Murder and Memory in Northern Ireland," that has been described as a "mesmerizing book on the bitter conflict in Northern Ireland and its aftermath." And then there's the "The Heartbeat of Wounded Knee: Native America from 1890 to the Present" by David Treuer, a brutally honest examination of how Native Americans flourished for generations until European powers and the United States government enslaved, killed and displaced these proud people from their ancestral homes.
What a contrast to Trump's recommended books, which are almost all designed to do one thing: help Trump, politically, that is. In October, Trump praised the book, "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" by Wall Street Journal columnist Kim Strassel, tweeting, "A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now!" This book, per the Amazon summary, argues that it's not Trump who is a threat to our democracy, but those who criticize Trump, claiming that "the president's foes have thrown aside norms, due process and the rule of law." (It sounds like a Trump tweet in book form.)
In November, Trump took to Twitter to praise the new book, "The Plot Against the President: The True Story of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal in U.S. History" by Lee Smith. This book tells the story of how the California representative and vocal Trump defender allegedly uncovered an operation to bring down Trump. Obviously this book furthers Trump's narrative that he's the victim of a "witch hunt," which makes it no surprise that Trump tweeted, "great new book" adding, "Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!"
Also making Trump's recommended reading list in November was the book written by his son Donald Trump, Jr., bearing a title that is quintessential Trump: "Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us." The younger Trump's book, according to the online summary, promises to "expose all the tricks that the left uses to smear conservatives and push them out of the public square."
And let's not overlook Trump's recommended books in 2018 that fit this same mold. There was Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro's book titled, "Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy." Trump tweeted at the time of its release, "fantastic" -- adding, "Go get it!" And who can forget Fox News commentator Gregg Jarrett's book, "The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump," which Trump promoted before its release and then again praised later, adding that the Russia investigation was "illegally started by people who have already been disgraced."
In short, Trump only promotes books he believes will support his political tenure. Many of them achieve this by furthering the narrative that Trump is a victim of a corrupt establishment and that he alone can save the country from a Democratic Party hellbent on his demise.
While Obama's recommended books are designed to make life a "little brighter," Trump's books are designed to do the exact opposite -- inspiring fear and anger in the next election cycle.
The current and former presidents and their first ladies are the most admired people in the US, according to a new Gallup poll.
The analytics company polled more than 1,000 Americans about the men and women they most admired in the world.
President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama each scored votes from 18% of US adults, sharing the spot for the most widely admired men of the year.
This year marked Obama's 12th time as the most admired man in the US, Gallup reported.
Tied for third place were former President Jimmy Carter and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, followed by Microsoft founder Bill Gates.
Pope Francis, Sen. Bernie Sanders, House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff, the Dalai Lama and billionaire investor Warren Buffet rounded out the top 10.
The former and current first ladies of the US nabbed the top two spots for most admired women.
Former first lady Michelle Obama received 10% of the votes, followed by first lady Melania Trump, named by 5% of respondents.
Climate activist Greta Thunberg, at only 16 years old, cracked the top five, along with Oprah Winfrey and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
For the second year in a row, Obama stole the top spot from Clinton, who finished first 22 times over 25 years, Gallup said.
The votes for the top admired men were divided among party lines -- 41% of Democrats chose Obama, and 45% of Republicans chose Trump. Few voted for the other party's candidate.
The split between parties in the poll reflects the same divide in politics, according to Gallup. The next two finishers, Carter and Musk, each earned only 2% of the votes, a deep decline from the votes Obama and Trump earned.
Obama's 12th straight spot at the top indicates his post-presidency popularity. The only other president to share his popularity in the poll was Dwight Eisenhower, who won twice after leaving office in the late 1960s.
While Americans were buying and opening their Christmas presents, the Trump administration's environmental regulators were wrapping up their work on some controversial issues, including some proposed rollbacks of Bush and Obama-era regulations.
Their gifts -- which you might have missed amidst the holidays -- include policies on energy efficient lightbulbs, water contamination and pesticides.
The Energy Department blocked stricter efficiency requirements for many common types of lightbulbs that would have taken effect in the new year.
The government, consumer groups and environmentalists have disputed how much the standards, developed under the Obama administration and based on a Bush-era law, would cost or save.
The Trump administration said the cost of more efficient incandescent bulbs "could cost consumers more than 300 percent" more, and therefore "the benefits of more stringent standards do not outweigh the cost to the American people." But outside groups said the cost of switching to alternatives like LEDs is reasonable and that the reduced energy consumption means financial savings, as well as the environmental benefits.
President Donald Trump has criticized environmental regulations on lightbulbs. Energy efficient bulbs, he claimed, make him "always look orange."
The Environmental Protection Agency announced it would expand a temporary and voluntary "self-audit" program that would cut penalties for polluters that discover, self-report and fix problems.
The program will, for 12 months, allow oil and natural gas explorers and producers to report and fix Clean Air Act violations and waive fines, which can be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
EPA already allows new owners of such facilities to voluntarily report and address deficiencies. The temporary program will grant a reprieve to current owners. The agency's Assistant Administrator Susan Bodine said the program "will provide additional public health and environmental protection in the surrounding communities."
EPA proposed granting Georgia the authority to regulate in its state the handling of coal ash, a toxic byproduct of coal-burning power plants. Coal ash, containing dangerous metals including arsenic and mercury, has typically been mixed with water to form a sludge and stored in unlined pits, which environmentalists say in many cases are leaking into groundwater.
A report last year by the Environmental Integrity Project and Earthjustice found that 11 of 12 coal ash pits in Georgia were compromised in that way, and called upon state regulators to develop stricter rules.
In November, EPA proposed easing an Obama-era rule regulating coal ash because of the discovery that "more surface impoundments regardless of liner type are leaking," making compliance with the regulations for utility companies more expensive.
EPA proposed increasing the allowable levels of the herbicide Atrazine, which is used by professionals to kill weeds on crops and lawns. It said the proposal is one of several that would "ensure a strong and vibrant agricultural market."
The Centers for Disease Control says the chemical does not break down if it is washed into into groundwater or nearby streams, and that it has been linked to reproductive abnormalities including premature birth. The Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental group, says 35 countries have banned or are phasing out their use of Atrazine and called EPA's proposal a "disgusting backward step."
The Justice Department sided with Monsanto in a lawsuit over Roundup claiming the company did not warn consumers of the product's cancer risks. The government wrote in an appeals court brief that a cancer warning on the product under California law would have been illegal under federal law, because "EPA has for decades concluded science does not support" cancer risks. (The company has also argued its product does not cause cancer.) Several juries, however, have awarded plaintiffs large sums in damages -- including a $2 billion award in May.
Donald Trump is facing sources of profound instability in the final year of his first presidential term, arguably more so than any of his predecessors going back at least 100 years. And most of these crises are largely of his own making.
Let's take a look around the world as the 2010s wind to a close, and we embark on a new decade of the 2020s:
In their one and only meeting in the Oval Office in November 2016, former President Barack Obama warned his successor that the utterly unpredictable North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his burgeoning nuclear arsenal was his single most dangerous and intractable problem.
Going into Trump's final year of his first term, it still is.
Trump's first gambit was simply to bluster and bait the Korean despot. "Fire and fury," Trump threatened, as Kim tested increasingly lethal and long-range weapons. Then, receiving nothing in return, Trump pivoted and delivered to the leader of a floundering nation desperate for attention much of what he wanted -- a global platform, a smile and a handshake.
Now, Trump can only await the so-called Christmas gift that Kim had promised (or threatened) weeks ago. Alternatively, it could turn out to be a New Year's present or even a birthday gift on Kim's birthday on January 8.
Regardless, much of the world is on tenterhooks wondering when this gift might be delivered and what form it might take. Still, Trump continues to make light of a situation that is more likely than any other to touch off a new round of escalating tensions.
Meanwhile Trump is still in a battle over how much he can extract from South Korea for the cost of American forces stationed there as a check on Kim's worst impulses. Trump's demand for about a 400% increase in that fee seems to be one stumbling block.
Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping have still not signed the first-round trade pact that will put a hold on new tariffs, trim some existing duties on Chinese products and open markets in China to some American farm products. Even though that will likely happen in the early weeks of 2020, as Trump himself suggested, there may be no real prospects for a broad agreement before the November elections.
Though the first round may help ease some pressure on American farmers, retailers and consumers, it still does not return either country to the level of trade before Trump launched the trade war. Indeed, the trade pact is likely to leave in place tariffs on $360 billion in goods.
Meanwhile, China is continuing its realignment and rapprochement with a host of other partners, including Southeast Asian nations like Japan, and especially countries that have joined its Belt and Road development initiative.
Poised to wreak havoc on many fronts, Russian President Vladimir Putin is about to have a key Mideast country (Syria) within his grasp, as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad may be one big bombing run away from seizing the last real rebel stronghold in Idlib. This, in turn, will allow Putin to cement a toehold in the eastern Mediterranean, where the American Sixth fleet based in Naples has long held sway. For Putin, such a prize would cap a quest by Russian rulers back to Peter the Great. And it would be a direct challenge to American sea power.
With Britain likely finally leaving the European Union, Trump will begin a host of critical trade talks, first with a newly independent Britain, then with the rest of the European Union. But with Trump holding the sword of Damocles over at least some of the participants, the key question is who he might hang out to dry first. On the continent, he's already threatened two longtime allies -- France, with tariffs on wine, cheese and handbags, and Germany with tariffs on auto imports. So really the open question is not how many friends will be left in Europe, but how much Trump really cares.
At the same time, Trump is facing a host of changes, including the formation of new alliances and partnerships, that will largely leave the United States on the sidelines.
Already, Xi and Putin have been crisscrossing Africa selling trade and arms respectively to a continent Trump has never visited and where he has threatened to pull out US troops, which could allow terrorists to run rampant. And Russia and China are in the throes of an historic rapprochement with the opening of a new gas pipeline network linking their two countries.
China and Russia have also found an ally in Iran, with the three countries launching a series of joint military maneuvers last week in the northern Indian Ocean. And Iran is clearly on the hunt for new partners -- and new markets for its oil and gas -- as Trump's sanctions begin to bite. This could also very well be the year when Iran finally decides it has nothing further to lose and moves toward a nuclear weapon. It has already taken some initials steps at its Fordow nuclear facility and confirmed it has breached the levels of enriched uranium it is allowed under the agreement from which the United States has withdrawn.
What will Trump -- and the West -- do then?
Meanwhile, Turkey has become the first NATO member to adopt a major Russian weapons system -- the S-400 anti-aircraft missile, in a tilt toward Moscow. Its troops are fighting alongside Russian and Syrian forces as Assad enters the final phase of ending the civil war.
The last time the world entered a decade of the twenties, a hundred years ago, America was in much the same position as today. Beginning in 1920, America had rarely before seen such prosperity. But it was equally isolated. The utterly protectionist Smoot-Hawley Tariff, designed to protect US industry against foreign competitors but which eventually choked off trade and growth, and America's refusal to enter the League of Nations isolated the nation and laid the foundations for the decade to follow, with the deepest Depression the world has ever known and one of the most brutal wars.
What does Trump have to do to right the ship and prevent this perverse history from repeating itself? He must start by acting less nationalist and more global (or at least regional). Otherwise, he will begin to give bad actors around the world more license to act in their own self-interest.
Above all, he must choose his friends more carefully -- less according to how powerful and in control they are than how closely they hold core American values of freedom and democracy. If not, his universe risks spinning utterly out of control into a world order where the US is little more than a spectator -- or victim -- in a far corner of the bleachers.
When news arrived early Sunday that President Donald Trump had spoken to his Russian counterpart, it didn't come from the White House.
Instead, word came from Moscow, where the Kremlin issued a brief statement saying Vladimir Putin had initiated a call to thank Trump for information provided by the United States that helped foil a terrorist attack in St. Petersburg.
It would be more than 24 hours before the White House officially confirmed the conversation in its own statement. The 63-word American description of the call largely echoed the Russian version, with the addition that the men discussed arms control.
"The Presidents also discussed the state of relations between the United States and Russia," the statement read.
Neither side provided additional details about the information the US had provided.
It's not the first time a foreign government, including the Kremlin, has gotten a jump on announcing a call with Trump. In his conversations with Putin, Trump has previously insisted upon unusual secrecy that obscured the content of their discussions even from those inside the administration -- including asking for his translator's notes back after a one-on-one meeting.
Congressional investigators have tried without success to obtain more information about Trump's meeting with Putin, including going to court for records from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. In December, a court ruled that the case could move forward, denying the Trump administration's request to dismiss it.
This most recent call with Putin comes amid fresh scrutiny into Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders and the White House's handling of those conversations, including recent attempts to limit the number of people who can listen in.
And it occurred as Putin's influence on Trump — and particularly his views toward Ukraine — are being closely examined.
Trump, who is beginning the second week of his holiday vacation in Florida, took the phone call with Putin as he prepared to play a round of golf at his club in West Palm Beach. On Sunday he played with former US congressman Trey Gowdy and the professional golfer Gene Sauers.
It was Trump's first publicly disclosed conversation with Putin since late July, when he offered to assist in combating Siberian wildfires. Later, sources said the men also discussed the need for a new American ambassador in Moscow.
On Sunday, Trump's national security adviser Robert O'Brien appeared on a morning talk show around the time the call with Putin was taking place, though O'Brien didn't discuss the conversation. Other top national security officials, including Pompeo, were in Washington overseeing airstrikes on an Iranian militia group in Iraq. Pompeo later flew to Florida to brief the President on the strikes before returning north.
It isn't known which officials listened to Trump's phone call with Putin. But administration aides have described a general tightening of call participants following the fallout from Trump's July phone call with Ukraine's President, which ultimately escalated into a congressional inquiry and Trump's impeachment.
Transcripts of Trump's calls with world leaders are also disseminated to a far smaller group of people inside the White House, those administration sources have said, continuing an effort to limit the number of people with insight and information about the conversations.
"Nobody is allowed on the calls," a White House official said, describing the new effort to limit those with access to the calls to only the President's senior-most aides, barring some senior and mid-level career staff from listening in. "The barn door officially closed after the horse escaped."
Officials familiar with the matter say delays in official readouts of Trump's phone calls are usually due to a lengthy clearance process that includes officials at the National Security Council and in the White House. Trump's call occurred on a Sunday in the middle of a quiet holiday week, which could have added to the time it took for the required officials to sign off.
Even in previous administrations, the clearance process for writing and releasing a statement from the White House following a presidential phone call has sometimes led foreign governments to release their version first.
In the past, officials have described Trump's conversations with foreign leaders sometimes veering off into unguarded or undiplomatic territory. Earlier in his administration, some of those details leaked, making for embarrassing headlines and questions about the privacy of Trump's conversations.
That included an instance of Trump congratulating Putin on an election win despite advice from his aides that he not extend his congratulations because the election wasn't viewed as legitimate.
The smaller group of officials with access to the calls is meant to prevent further leaks, according to administration sources. But the effect has also led to information from the calls being obscured even to those inside the administration.
The White House has made efforts in the past to limit access to calls Trump has had with Putin.
Even before the Ukraine scandal and ensuing impeachment, administration officials took steps to limit access to Trump's phone conversations with Putin, along with certain other foreign leaders like the Saudi crown prince, according to administration officials.
Trump's past conversations with Putin have been similarly shrouded in atypical secrecy. After their first face-to-face meeting on the sidelines of a summit in Germany, Trump asked to keep his translator's notes. They spoke at a dinner of foreign leaders without any American witnesses, relying on Putin's translator. During talks in Helsinki, they spoke without any other officials present.
The insistence on keeping his conversations with Putin so closely held caught the interest of investigators, including Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating whether Trump or his campaign associates worked with Russia to influence the 2016 election.
The impeachment inquiry centered on Trump's approach to Ukraine reignited the questions about his relationship to Putin. The Washington Post reported that former Trump administration officials feared Putin had planted a conspiracy that Ukraine had interfered in the 2016 election.
One of the officials told the Post that Trump gave the theory credibility because "Putin told me."
Administration officials spent a good deal of time early in Trump's administration trying to dissuade him of the Ukraine election meddling theory, according to testimony from former NSC official Fiona Hill.
Trump has long maintained that improving relations between Washington and Moscow is essential, even as he insists that new sanctions on Russia make him tougher on the country than previous presidents. He warned Russia last week against supporting a massacre of civilians in Syria, where the Russian-backed regime has bombarded Idlib province, causing a humanitarian crisis.
But Trump has also appeared to downplay or deny intelligence showing Russia sought to interfere on his behalf in the 2016 contest, saying he takes Putin at his word that he did not meddle.
Trump faces another pending choice that could lead to more questions about his ties to Putin. He's been invited to Moscow by Putin to attend a Victory Day parade in May that marks the 75th anniversary of the allied victory over the Nazis.
The White House hasn't said whether he'll make the trip.
President Donald Trump retweeted an attack that included an unsubstantiated name of the intelligence community whistleblower at the heart of the Ukraine scandal as part of a series of rants and conspiratorial posts Friday night.
On Saturday morning, the retweeted message was no longer visible to some Twitter users. It appeared, for most of the day, that Trump or someone with access to his account had removed the controversial retweet. Most of Friday night's other reposts, including pro-Trump and anti-Democrat memes from suspicious-looking Twitter accounts, also appeared to be missing.
The White House did not respond to CNN's request for comment on Friday night's retweet and what appeared to be Saturday morning's reversal, even after other news outlets reported Trump had removed the post.
It turned out that a Twitter glitch was hiding those retweets and lots of others. The company did not explain this when CNN made inquiries Saturday morning, apparently because the glitch was being investigated.
Twitter explained the software bug in a statement Saturday night, saying: "Due to an outage with one of our systems, tweets on account profiles were visible to some, but not others. We're still working on fixing this and apologize for any confusion."
A Twitter spokesman confirmed that Trump's account was affected by the bug, along with millions of other accounts.
The upshot: Trump never reversed his retweet containing the unsubstantiated name of the whistleblower. It is still officially part of his Twitter timeline, which has 68 million followers, but some users still could not see it as of Saturday night.
Of all the posts in Trump's Friday night tweetstorm, his whistleblower-related post was the most noteworthy because nearly every public official involved in the impeachment inquiry agreed that the identity of the original complainant should be protected.
Trump has shared more than 100 posts about the whistleblower since September, almost entirely critical, but until this week he had refrained from sharing any content directly pointing to a person's name.
Some far-right media outlets and personalities have published stories claiming to know the name of the whistleblower, but his or her identity is not known and has not been reported by mainstream outlets -- including CNN.
On Thursday, the President retweeted a post from his reelection campaign containing an article with the purported name of the person.
Then he shared a post with the unsubstantiated name late Friday night.
Earlier in the evening, one of the lawyers for the intelligence community whistleblower, Mark Zaid, reiterated a message he has been sharing for months: "Protect the Whistleblower."
"I guarantee Republicans will want #whistleblowers during next Democrat Administration, whenever that may be," Zaid wrote. "They likely won't have many given their continual attacks on integrity of lawful #WBer system."
According to the Trump Twitter Archive, which tracks every post from the President, he shared 55 posts on Friday, mostly by retweeting pro-Trump accounts, some of them obscure. Many of the accounts are anonymous or semi-anonymous, with names including such phrases as "Trump Lady," "America First" and "pet lovers for Trump."
Some of the accounts show signs of being run by spam operations, but others appear to be genuine, passionate Trump supporters.
Twitter has said that tweets with the unsubstantiated name of the whistleblower do not violate its rules. However, sharing personal information about the named person, like his or her phone number, would be a violation. Facebook has taken a harder line on the issue, invoking its policy prohibiting the outing of any "witness, informant, or activist." The site has been removing content with the purported name.
Ultimately, what the President's tweetstorm reveals -- in unflattering detail -- is his sketchy sources of information.
Twitter spokesman Nick Pacilio confirmed to CNN Saturday afternoon that the platform has suspended some of the pro-Trump accounts that Trump had promoted Friday night. In one example, an account called @trumpgirlonfire that Trump had quoted with "The Wall is funded & being built!" is no longer accessible.
Pacilio cited violations of Twitter's rules and declined to comment on specific accounts. Twitter often takes such action when a user's behavior is deemed to be inauthentic.
National security lawyer and CNN analyst Carrie Cordero wrote on Twitter Saturday that "just a few short years ago it would have been unthinkable for an American president to flout the law & intentionally endanger an intelligence community professional."
Trump's attempts "to intimidate the whistleblower show that his version of America is the opposite of a law & order nation," Cordero said. "Instead, it's one of lawlessness, of disregard for the institutions & the people in them who keep America safe, of recklessness & of the corrupt use of power."
In one rant, Trump tweeted against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, calling the California Democrat "crazy," an insult that he has tweeted at her eight times in the past five days. Pelosi, in previous responses to Trump's tweeted insults, has said she prays for the President.
He also retweeted people calling Democrats "rats" and videos claiming to prove "collusion between DNC & Ukraine during 2016 Presidential campaign." There has been no evidence of collusion between the Democratic National Committee and Ukraine in the last election.
Vox's Aaron Rupar, who closely tracks the President's public comments, wrote on Twitter Friday night, "The President of the United States has, today alone, retweeted 2 QAnon fan accounts, a Pizzagate account, an account that compared his following to a cult, and an account that described Obama as 'Satan's Muslim Scum.' And this insanity isn't even a blip on the news radar."
UPDATE: This headline and story have been updated to reflect Twitter's statement Saturday night that a bug impacted millions of accounts, including Trump's, that caused some users to not see some tweets. Trump never reversed his retweet containing the unsubstantiated name of the whistleblower, and the retweet is still officially part of his Twitter timeline.
Here are the stories our panel of top political reporters will be watching for in the year ahead, in this week's "Inside Politics" forecast.
The Supreme Court is expected to rule next year on efforts to obtain President Donald Trump's tax records.
House Democrats and New York prosecutors are among those suing for access as part of ongoing investigations. And Wall Street Journal White House reporter Catherine Lucey says a decision could come right in the heat of the 2020 presidential campaign.
"The Supreme Court has agreed to hear these cases in March," Lucey said. "If the courts rule against the President, it could have long-reaching implications for presidential power, and also have an impact on the 2020 race."
A ruling is likely in June -- meaning Congress could get a look at the President's closely-guarded financial secrets before Election Day.
It's not just social media that's changing how presidential candidates campaign and raise money. They're finding creative new ways to text you too, Politico national political reporter Alex Thompson said.
"The Trump campaign is spending millions of dollars on this technology," Thompson said. "They're already way ahead of Democrats in terms of embedding videos and everything else. And while there's scrutiny with ads on Facebook and Twitter, this is still largely the wild wild west."
Thompson said Democrats are slowly catching up with Trump.
"You are seeing Elizabeth Warren's campaign doing things where you sign up, you get a photo of her dog Bailey or a photo of a llama that was canvassing with voters in New Hampshire," Thompson said. "So look at this technology to be really important in contacting voters in this 2020 election."
It's been a difficult two years for US-Saudi Arabia relations. Even as Trump has largely looked past it, the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi still looms large for many key lawmakers.
But despite plenty of talk of punishing Saudi Arabia, Washington Post congressional correspondent Karoun Demirjian said not much has actually changed.
"It seemed like a critical mass was building in Congress, when you first had the resolution condemning the Saudis for Khashoggi's murder," Demirjian said. "You had the fight to do something about curtailing US support for the air campaign in Yemen. It seemed to be building to something, and then nothing happened at all."
Not even a Saudi military officer killing three people at a US Navy base in Florida earlier this month is making much of an impact, Demirjian said.
"People barely flinched in terms of policy," Demirjian said. "The question is does this issue keep just kind of fizzling and go away?"
The concept of providing paid time off for new parents isn't new but the US is one of the only major countries in the world not to require it.
Democrats have long championed the idea, but McClatchy White House reporter Francesca Chambers says a lot of Republicans are now on board.
"The President just signed a bill that gives paid parental leave to all federal workers for 12 weeks," Chambers said. And more could be coming -- she points to a bipartisan bill from Sen. Bill Cassidy, a Louisiana Republican, and Sen. Kyrsten Sinema, an Arizona Democrat, that would let new parents essentially borrow money from the government as an advance on the Child Tax Credit.
"The original thought was this could get a vote as early as February," Chambers said. "We don't know how long the Senate will be tied up with impeachment, but they're hopeful it could become law in 2020. And the White House has said it endorses this bill."
And from CNN congressional correspondent Phil Mattingly:
It's no secret that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is actively considering leaving the administration to run for Senate in Kansas, despite what he may say publicly. But it's the effort going on behind the scenes by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell that has been most interesting to me.
McConnell has been unabashed about his desire to see Pompeo as the next senator from Kansas. But it goes beyond his repeated public statements to that effect. Sources tell me he and his allies have made clear to Pompeo that the Senate is an ideal post-administration landing spot for someone with big -- the biggest even -- political ambitions.
Beneath McConnell's genuine respect for Pompeo lies his uncertainty about the state of the race in Kansas, where internal numbers on the current crop of candidates have raised red flags for national Republicans.
This was precisely the point McConnell made directly to Pompeo's boss in a meeting earlier this fall, sources tell me. While no specific ask was made, McConnell, I'm told, laid out numbers for Trump and made clear Pompeo's entrance would all but take the race off the map. Within days Trump made the same exact point -- publicly -- in a Fox News interview.
I'm told Pompeo is genuinely undecided at this point, and nothing will happen until the impeachment trial ends. But Trump is already working up a short list of replacements for secretary of state.
President Donald Trump is showing signs of increasing frustration with the uncertainty surrounding his Senate trial as he spends time in Florida over the holidays at his Mar-Lago resort with a rotating cast of aides.
Trump has settled into something of a routine during the first week of his holiday in Florida, firing off shots at Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Twitter for withholding articles of impeachment from the Senate in between rounds of golf and mingling with family and friends.
He also vented about his impeachment while taking questions from reporters after his holiday greetings to US troops on Christmas Eve and when he spoke to conservative students last Saturday.
Trump's apparent frustration with the state of limbo comes as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell continues to signal ambivalence about starting the trial. The Kentucky Republican said earlier this week that he is not anxious to move on to the task, despite the President's clear eagerness.
A source close to Trump says the President has been seeking input over the holidays from a variety of allies about who should be on his defense team and what his defense strategy should be. There are serious discussions about having some of his House GOP allies play a role in the trial, but Trump hasn't made a final call, people familiar with the matter say.
One source says the only certainty about the President's defense team at this point is that White House Counsel Pat Cipollone is the lead and will be assisted by several of his deputies. The President's personal outside counsel will play a more limited role, the source says.
Meanwhile, White House officials have been coming and going from Trump's Palm Beach retreat. Presidential senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner arrived Thursday, a person familiar said. Now that Kushner has joined the President, sources say, the holiday is likely to become more of a working trip than the relatively unstructured time Trump has spent at Mar-a-Lago so far.
Acting White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney joined Trump last weekend, when the President arrived, and he helped with the event for conservative students that Trump spoke at Saturday.
Mulvaney is expected to return to Mar-a-Lago this weekend, a person familiar said, and another aide from his office is expected to rotate in after the acting chief of staff leaves next week.
Deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley is also expected to join the President for the second week of his holiday.
Eric Ueland, the White House legislative director, was in Florida earlier this week but has departed, a White House official said.
Cipollone at one point had been expected to join Trump for part of the trip but there are no concrete plans for that at this time, a person familiar with the matter said. That could change as the end of the holiday congressional recess -- and the revival of the impeachment drama -- draws closer.
While millions of Americans have been enjoying the holiday season, President Donald Trump has indulged in nasty name-calling aimed at House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and has been whining like a 4-year-old who didn't get the toy he wanted.
On Tuesday, Trump tweeted, "Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States?"
On Wednesday, the President retweeted a link to an article that includes a name for the purported whistleblower, whose identity has not been confirmed.
The whistleblower filed an anonymous complaint alleging the White House tried to cover up the President's effort to get Ukraine to dig up dirt on his rival Joe Biden. Trump soliciting Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in the July 25 phone call is what set Pelosi down the road to impeachment, but like so many rule breakers, Trump blames the guy who turned him in, instead of examining his own behavior.
A more reasonable commander-in-chief, one worthy of the title, would absorb the lesson in the humiliation of impeachment, realize "I am still President of the United States" and seek stability, if not redemption.
Donald Trump, however, has shown himself to be energetically defiant and incapable of reform. Faced with the Senate impeachment trial in the upcoming year, Trump is likely to become more destructive. His victims will include us all.
The future will also be determined by whatever devious plots Trump may set in motion with his chief enabler, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. As Trump's personal lawyer and international wrecking ball, Giuliani shows no sign of ending his mischief-making in Ukraine or dialing back his bizarre behavior.
He recently directed several anti-Semitic tropes at billionaire philanthropist George Soros -- who has long been a target of right-wing conspiracy theories. Giuliani, a lifelong Catholic, claimed he's "more of a Jew" than Soros, who is a Holocaust survivor. He also made unfounded claims that Soros controls former ambassador Marie Yovanovitch, FBI agents and district attorneys, which perpetuates anti-Semitic tropes that powerful Jews control the government.
It seems safe to assume the President is willing to do whatever it takes to influence the 2020 election in his favor. He is remarkably vigorous and forward looking when it comes to rigging the games he plays and he must be committed to reelection in a way he's never been committed to anything before.
This is likely a matter of pride, since showing the world it is wrong about him is his reason for being. It may also be a legal strategy. Reelection would guarantee his presidential powers, including the ability to grant pardons to those who know things he'd rather keep secret.
What might Trump have in mind as he approaches the 2020 elections? Trump could use his executive authority, including the direction of law enforcement agencies, or the use of executive orders to try to go after his rivals or gain an advantage. Since he tends to accuse others of the very misdeeds he commits himself, Trump's discredited claims of being spied on by the FBI or the previous administration may indicate that such surveillance may be on his mind.
The good news is that Trump has lost the services of some of the minions who once helped stir things up for him. Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman, the two Soviet-born businessman who were Giuliani's allies, are cases in point. They face their own legal peril -- both have pleaded not guilty to campaign finance charges -- and at least one of them, Parnas, is cooperating with authorities.
Further cause for optimism lies in the positive response received by those who came forward to testify during the House impeachment investigation. Public servants and political figures who helped establish the record that led to impeachment have earned wide appreciation. Surely other government officials lie in wait, ready to come forward.
Finally, the House of Representatives and the speaker have established themselves as a bulwark for democracy and the American system of checks and balances. In less than a year they have proven themselves capable of organizing, investigating and prosecuting a most difficult case.
Consider the President's capacity for stonewalling -- he blocked many of the witnesses Congress subpoenaed and refused to turn over documents -- and their accomplishment looms even larger. In his long career of chaos, no opposing force has ever brought Trump under control so effectively.
The impeachment of Donald Trump was a demonstration of congressional power that should reassure us. Yes, he will continue his campaign of chaos and make the coming election year more disturbing than 2016 but there is now an opposing force. Conflict lies ahead, but so does hope.
The holiday vacation President Donald Trump once viewed as the raring precursor to a vindictive Senate trial has instead turned into a deadlocked interlude as he battles Democrats over the time and place for his symbolic day in court.
A Christmas respite from drawn-out impeachment sparring didn't last into Boxing Day.
"Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States?" Trump tweeted as the holiday came to an end. "Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren't allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!"
The only official word from the President on Christmas was a four-paragraph statement emailed from the White House.
"Together, we must strive to foster a culture of deeper understanding and respect -- traits that exemplify the teachings of Christ," the President wrote.
Just a day before his Christmas greetings, Trump's campaign had emailed a statement of their own touting the launch of a new website "designed to help the President's supporters win arguments with liberal friends, relatives, and snowflakes they encounter during the holidays."
And Trump himself was steaming inside the gilded Mar-a-Lago living room, fostering neither respect nor unity as he answered a question about his Washington nemesis, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
"She's a tremendous disservice to the country and she's not doing a good job and some people think that she doesn't know what she's doing," he said, seated in front of a videoconference screen that minutes earlier had beamed in US troops from around the globe. "A lot of people think that, a lot of people have said it."
It's hardly a surprise anymore that Trump's sedate official calls for harmony are not exactly reflected in his actions or words. Freshly impeached by the House and eager for his Senate trial to begin, Trump is spending the holidays in a tense intermission as lawmakers argue over their next steps.
A week since the impeachment vote, there is no sign of a break in the Christmas impasse over how and when his impeachment trial will transpire. Democrats have demanded to know the parameters of the trial before sending over their articles of impeachment, and have made clear they believe it should include witnesses.
Republicans, meanwhile, are largely opposed to calling witnesses, believing a quick trial is the best way to avoid further fallout from the impeachment drama. But at least one moderate Republican, Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, is questioning comments from the party's leader vowing to coordinate with the White House, saying they've confused an already muddled process.
The uncertain interval wasn't what Trump was hoping for when he resigned himself last week to becoming only the third US president to be impeached. Even as it became clear he would not avoid that stain on his legacy, Trump looked to the trial in the Republican-held Senate as an inevitable vindication.
The President has displayed impatience at getting the proceedings underway. But the top Republican in the Senate does not appear to share his eagerness, saying he's happy to delay the start of a trial he doesn't particularly want to hold.
"I'm not anxious to have this trial, so if she wants to hold all the papers, go right ahead," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Monday on "Fox and Friends." "We're at an impasse."
Pelosi wrote in a letter to Democrats this week that she wasn't going to appoint Democratic managers -- those lawmakers who will argue the case in the Senate -- until she knows more about how the trial will proceed, leaving the two sides at a stalemate.
The standoff has irritated Trump, who holds his own views on how the trial should proceed (with witnesses and dramatics) but seems, for now, willing to put those visions aside for the more staid and concise proceeding favored by many Republicans.
"Ultimately that decision is going to be made by Mitch McConnell, and he will make it -- he has the right to do whatever he wants; he's the head of the Senate," Trump told reporters on Tuesday.
Republican sources told CNN this week that McConnell is open to going to the Senate floor without support from the Democratic Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer on a rule to conduct the impeachment trial. He would need the support of 51 GOP senators to approve such a rule, which many Republicans believe he would be able to lock down.
Still, not all members of his party are enthusiastic at McConnell's handling of the matter. Murkowski said in a television interview this week that McConnell had "confused the process" by saying he was acting in "total coordination" with the White House on setting the parameters for the trial.
"In fairness, when I heard that, I was disturbed," Murkowski told KTUU, a CNN affiliate. "To me, it means that we have to take that step back from being hand in glove with the defense, and so I heard what Leader McConnell had said, I happened to think that that has further confused the process."
McConnell's preference remains cutting a bipartisan deal with Schumer, like the one that was reached during the Clinton trial, Republican sources said. There is an expectation that the two men will still try to discuss a bipartisan way forward as the Senate gets back into session in January.
But if they can't reach a deal, McConnell almost certainly would go to the floor to set the procedures for the trial. Republicans say they want the articles transmitted first from the House to the Senate to begin that process, which Democrats refuse to do until they see the procedures.
With neither side budging from those opposing positions, there was no indication they would reach an agreement in the next several days. That's left Trump uncertain and agitated as he settles into a two-week long stay at his Florida resort.
Before he left, some aides expressed concern he would spend his time at the resort surrounded by conservative allies who might convince him to buck the legal advice he'd received and push for a show trial.
Since departing Washington last Friday, Trump has been lapping up the positive attention that has become a hallmark of his southern getaways to Mar-a-Lago. After weeks of full-tilt jousting with Democrats that ended in his impeachment, his return to Palm Beach resembled a hero's return, if the hero was wounded and hungry for revenge.
As he left Washington, Trump was disturbed by an editorial in Christianity Today calling for his ouster. He received assurances over the weekend of his continued standing with white Christian evangelicals from Jerry Falwell, the evangelical leader and Liberty University president who spent several evenings at Mar-a-Lago last weekend.
Perhaps with those voters in mind, Trump also swapped the traditional stone Episcopalian church where he's worshipped at past Christmas Eves for a more modern Baptist service, complete with fake snow and smoke.
Afterward, he was spotted chatting in the club's ballroom with Alan Dershowitz, a retired Harvard Law School professor who has been discussed as a possible addition to his legal team.
Trump also encountered the Washington Capitals captain Alex Ovechkin at the club and posed for photos as the Russian-born hockey player handed him a jersey.
President Donald Trump can't seem to get Nancy Pelosi out of his head, even as most of the rest of the nation enjoys a holiday halftime break from the impeachment drama.
His anger is boiling as the politics of impeachment evolve in a slow burn over the Christmas and New Year break, with pressure rising on senators of both parties over his coming Senate trial.
Trump, between rounds of golf and greeting guests at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, keeps returning to vent fury at the House speaker who led his impeachment a week ago.
"Nancy Pelosi's District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless & crime," Trump tweeted on Thursday. "It has gotten so bad, so fast - she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, Gavin Newsom, it is a very sad sight!"
In a string of tweets, Trump complained about Pelosi's decision not to send the articles of impeachment to the Senate until she learns about GOP plans for the shape of his trial. He speculated about the unlikely prospect that the California Democrat could lose a primary -- in a district where her political exposure comes from the left, not from her right.
He also slammed the speaker for impeaching him at all, insisting he did nothing wrong in his dealings with Ukraine, while quoting conservative pundits who were critical of Pelosi.
The Democratic-led House last week passed articles of impeachment alleging abuse of power and obstructing Congress, over the President's pressure on Ukraine for political favors.
The President's feud with Pelosi is a reminder that the House speaker has been one of the few Washington players who often get the better of a President who loves to lay down the law.
Stung by the historic stain of impeachment, Trump might at least by now have been looking forward to a Senate trial that is expected to easily acquit him. But Pelosi's move -- designed to boost leverage of Senate Democrats tussling with the GOP over the makeup of the trial -- has deprived the President of peace of mind on impeachment over his two-week holiday break.
Talks between Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer have hit an impasse over the question of witnesses. There is little apparent prospect of a breakthrough until the new year.
Schumer, a New York Democrat, wants McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, to call testimony from officials like former national security adviser John Bolton and White House acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney. Trump had refused to let either man testify for the House impeachment investigation. But the Senate GOP leader argues that conducting investigations and improving the Democratic case is not the Senate's job.
Democrats are spending the holiday seeking to pile pressure on McConnell, apparently trying to saddle Republicans with the politically damaging picture of an unfair trial.
"I think you'll see Republicans rise to the occasion," Rep. Steve Cohen, D-Tennessee, said Thursday on "CNN Newsroom."
"They would not want to besmirch the reputation of the body in which they serve, in which they would like to contribute to its stellar position as a place of respect in the United States' system of government," Cohen said.
"And I think they'll support a fair trial."
Democrats have seized on comments by Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska expressing concern at McConnell's statements that he is coordinating closely with the White House on the trial.
"In fairness, when I heard that, I was disturbed," Murkowski, a moderate, told KTUU, a CNN affiliate.
"To me, it means that we have to take that step back from being hand in glove with the defense, and so I heard what Leader McConnell had said, I happened to think that that has further confused the process," Murkowski added.
Rep. Dan Kildee of Michigan, who is part of the House Democratic leadership team, said such comments should cause a rethink from McConnell.
"He should listen to his fellow senators, particularly Republican senators like Sen. Murkowski, who is expressing what I think what is a very broadly held view," Kildee told CNN.
"Mitch McConnell should not be coordinating and fully responding to the White House when it comes to how he determines to conduct this trial."
But Democratic leaders may have trouble presenting a united front against the President in the Senate, given recent comments by one vulnerable senator in the party, Doug Jones of Alabama.
Jones, who comes from a state Trump is expected to win big in 2020, said over the weekend that he wanted the "dots" to be connected before deciding how to vote in the trial.
"What I really want to see, though, is to fill in the gaps," Jones said on ABC's "This Week."
Kildee, however, argued that senators had a greater duty in a trial than merely to take current politics into account.
"I think the Senate, in a case like this, every senator is going to have to answer not just to their constituents in this moment. But as I have said in the past, to the future, in my case, I think about my grandchildren. We're going to have to answer for how we acted," he told CNN's Ryan Nobles.
Other senators often seen as possible defections from Democratic ranks during a Senate trial include Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona and Joe Manchin of West Virginia.
Any Democratic vote to acquit the President would give Trump and other Republicans the propaganda win of being able to argue that he had been acquitted in the Senate trial by a bipartisan majority.
Still, there is also political heat on some Republicans, who could stand to lose if the trial is seen as unfair.
Colorado's Cory Gardner and Maine's Susan Collins, who face difficult reelection races in swing states, must wrestle with the delicate politics of impeachment. Voting to acquit Trump could anger more moderate voters. But both senators could be helped by a backlash against impeachment by the pro-Trump base in November that could help them outperform the President.
On August 8, 1974, Richard Nixon resigned the presidency, becoming the first president in American history to withdraw from office. The House had begun impeachment proceedings because of his involvement in the Watergate burglary cover-up, a group of Republican senators had told him he likely had too few supporters to beat conviction in the Senate, and Nixon relented to pressure from the public and Congress.
In an address to the nation, Nixon explained that "by taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of the process of healing which is so desperately needed in America." The next day, Nixon departed the White House and Vice President Gerald Ford took the oath of office.
Nixon's enemies called him "Tricky Dick." Over the course of his 30-year political career, he showed himself to be vindictive, paranoid and selfish. But his decision to resign could be characterized as an act of patriotism: It spared the nation a painful and extremely divisive process of removing the commander in chief from office. History has recorded that, to paraphrase Shakespeare, nothing in his presidency became him like the leaving of it.
Even a half-century later, the mind of Richard Nixon is a tangled mystery. Deceptive, self-seeking and devious, he was also capable of far-seeing statesmanship (witness his outreach to China) and a genuine concern for America's place in the world. Historians will long debate which side of his character was salient in his decision to resign. But one thing is clear: By resigning, he protected not only his own historical legacy but also the country he had taken an oath to serve.
Donald Trump should follow suit.
Recently, a majority of the House of Representatives voted to impeach Donald Trump for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. Both articles arise from Trump's alleged involvement in a scheme to solicit an investigation of political dirt against Joe Biden by Ukrainian government officials, despite no evidence of wrongdoing, in exchange for military aid to help Ukraine in its ongoing conflict with Russia.
Prior to Trump, the impeachment provisions of the Constitution were initiated against three other presidents: Andrew Johnson, whose case fell one vote short of conviction in the Senate; Nixon, whose proceeding never came to a vote; and Bill Clinton, whose case failed to reach even a majority in the Senate, let alone the two thirds needed for removal from office. Of the three, Trump's behavior most resembles Nixon's.
Trump, like Nixon, is accused of participating in a cover-up involving the investigation of political opponents. But Trump's alleged transgressions are worse than Nixon's because they concern an attempt to involve a foreign power in the American political process.
Nixon and Trump also have in common fiercely loyal supporters. Nixon's popularity in his second term had been quite high. He won reelection in 1972 with more than 60% of the popular vote and 520 electoral votes. The Watergate scandal reduced Nixon's political support, but his hardcore supporters urged him to fight on.
But Nixon emphasized country over personal considerations in deciding to resign. While most historians believe the full House would have voted to impeach, and the Senate would have secured the necessary two-thirds vote for removal, the trial process would have been extremely divisive and painful for the country.
In retrospect, we will never know whether a show of stubbornness -- like Trump's -- might have switched the political dynamic and persuaded the Senate to not convict, but we can instead be grateful that Nixon did not put the system to the test.
Bill Clinton, of course, did put the system to test: after an impeachment by the House, he fought and turned back the impeachment effort in the Senate. Yet a generation later, some Democrats wish that he had chosen the Nixon path. It is likely that Clinton's misconduct and his false testimony do not rise to the level of "high crimes and misdemeanors." Yet no one denies that they were grave blotches on his character, and harmful to how the public perceived the dignity of the office of the president.
Moreover, after Democrats found surprising success in 1998, his actions cost his party dearly in the 2000 election. For the same reason, some Republicans today may quietly hope that Trump will go away before 2020.
At this moment, the question goes beyond what is best politically for Trump, for the Republican party, or for Democrats. The question is not whether Trump can secure enough votes to avoid conviction or whether poll numbers will go up or down.
The sole question should be what is best for the country.
And if Trump forces the nation to go through an impeachment trial in the Senate, the consequences for our democracy are grave.
First, Trump will cause a further erosion of confidence in our democratic institutions, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation, if he continues to attack and undermine the nation's intelligence and law enforcement agencies. Second, his insistence on slavish support from Republicans in Congress will weaken -- perhaps permanently -- the separation of powers required to maintain a legislature capable of functioning. Third, his heated rhetoric will widen the gap between Americans of different political beliefs.
The answer is clear: Trump should resign so the country can begin the process of healing. The divisions in the country today are even more corrosive than they were in 1974. That's why it's even more important that Trump emulate the best of Richard Nixon, who, in a rare moment of grace, understood he could only weaken the nation he led by focusing solely on himself, and chose the better path.
In President Trump's acceptance speech of the Republican nomination at the Republican National Convention in 2016, he told the nation, "Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it." While many mocked the hubris behind that claim, at this moment of national danger it is undoubtedly true: Trump alone can spare the nation the painful ordeal of an impeachment trial in the Senate.
President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday night about a matter that had been percolating in pro-Trump media circles all day: the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. editing him out of "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York."
Trump made a cameo appearance -- about seven seconds long -- in the beloved 1992 Christmas comedy. But his supporters noticed that the cameo did not appear in the version that aired on the CBC this December.
A Thursday panel on Fox News' morning show "Fox & Friends" decried Trump's exclusion, calling it an example of "censorship" and anti-Trump "derangement." Donald Trump Jr. later tweeted an article that called the omission "pathetic" and made an Instagram post calling it "bias." And then the President weighed in himself, tweeting another article on the controversy and making reference to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau: "I guess Justin T doesn't much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade!"
Trump then tweeted an article about the "Fox & Friends" criticism of the CBC. He added a joke: "The movie will never be the same! (just kidding)."
It's very possible the President was also joking with his suggestion that Trudeau had a hand in deleting him from a children's film. But since others are taking this matter quite seriously, we're going to set the record straight.
The CBC edited out multiple scenes from "Home Alone 2" to shorten the two-hour movie for television -- eight minutes in all, the CBC says. The CBC's deletion of scenes entirely unrelated to Trump is confirmed by a search of viewers' complaint tweets. Trump was not cut as Canadian retribution for his policies in office: He has been omitted from the CBC version since at least 2015, the earliest we could find viewers tweeting about the deletion. CBC says it actually cut the Trump cameo in 2014, before Trump launched his presidential campaign in June 2015.
Since 2014, people have scolded CBC for failing to air such "Home Alone 2" scenes as "Kevin going swimming," "THE TURTLE DOVE EXCHANGE" and a scene in which a homeless man warns Macaulay Culkin's protagonist, Kevin McCallister, to "Watch it, kid."
The CBC said in a statement: "As is often the case with feature films adapted for television, 'Home Alone 2' was edited for time. The scene with Donald Trump was one of several that were cut from the movie as none of them were integral to the plot. These edits were done in 2014 when we first acquired the film and before Mr. Trump was elected President."
The CBC is a Crown corporation -- owned by the Canadian government but making its decisions on what to air independently from the party in power. There is, obviously, no evidence that Trudeau or his party had any role in the decision to dump the Trump appearance.
Conservative Stephen Harper was Canada's prime minister in 2014. (We couldn't immediately confirm on Thursday night that Trump was omitted from the CBC's 2014 airing of the film.) Trudeau, a Liberal, took office in November 2015. Trudeau's office declined to comment.
The Trump cameo features Culkin's character walking in New York City's Plaza Hotel, which Trump owned at the time, and happening upon the future president.
Culkin says, "Excuse me, where's the lobby?"
Trump responds, "Down the hall and to the left."
Culkin says "thanks," Trump turns toward the camera and they continue on their way.
Did Donald Trump give you a lump of coal for Christmas? The President, after all, is doing everything possible to boost the production of coal, oil and natural gas. Yes, Trump's actions are helping to wreck the planet. But Trump and his cronies, notably Mitch McConnell and Rupert Murdoch, know full well what they are doing, making their actions all the more despicable.
2019 was a devastating year for the environment. The continued massive burning of fossil fuels brought the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide to levels not experienced for millions of years. The Earth's temperature is now higher than at any time since the start of civilization about 10,000 years ago. Sea levels are rising, and we are reaching Earth temperatures that in the planet's history have led to a sea-level rise of more than 6-9 meters (20-30 feet) compared with today.
This year, we watched terrifying scenes of devastating fires across the Amazon rainforest. We were horrified as mega fires ravaged California and Australia. We cried as Venice, one of humanity's greatest cultural treasures, was brought to devastation by floods made more extreme by rising sea levels. We despaired as Central America's desperate coffee-growing families fled from deepening droughts and hunger, only to be met on the US border by tear gas and CBP agents who took children from their arms.
President Trump's rallies are full of populist nonsense about climate change. Trump has, of course, famously declared human-induced climate change to be a hoax. He rails against wind turbines ("after 10 years they look like hell") and ridicules attempts to phase out incandescent bulbs and plastic straws.
He points to thousands of mining jobs that would end as coal mines are closed but ignores the millions of good jobs that would be created with the growing renewable energy industry. Yet Trump's populist pose in defense of incandescent bulbs, plastic straws and mining jobs, masks something vastly more insidious: Each year, the United States now incurs tens or hundreds of billions of dollars of property losses and lost lives to weather and climate disasters.
In 2017/8, the first two years of Trump's term, there were 30 large weather and climate disasters that each caused at least $1 billion in damages, for a combined total of 3,525 deaths and $411 billion in losses. Costly and deadly storms are, of course, not new, but scientists have determined that their frequency and intensity are rising because of the warming climate.
Countless more deaths and destruction are on the way as sea levels rise, hurricanes intensify, forest fires expand and violent conflicts around the world are stoked by famines, floods and forced migrations.
The safety of billions of people around the world is directly threatened by the actions of Trump and his fossil-fuel cronies. Recent evidence points to the possibility of dire tipping points beyond which climate change would be vastly accelerated.
Who wins in this rampant and cruel destruction of nature and livelihoods? A tiny group of wealthy elites and their political partners who sit atop the global fossil-fuel machine. Mitch McConnell and the Republicans in the US Senate win (though their children and grandchildren lose) since the fossil-fuel industry predominantly directs its campaign donations to the Republican Party.
According to the tally of opensecrets.org, the energy and natural resources industry gave $141 million in campaign contributions in the 2018 elections, with 78% going to Republicans. The industry also spent nearly $327 million on lobbying in 2018, setting up a lot of lucrative jobs for retired industry-friendly congressmen and staffers.
There is more to the political calculus. Trump hopes to repeat 2016 in racking up the Electoral College votes of small coal-producing states such as West Virginia and Wyoming. America's Electoral College voting system gives these small states disproportionate sway in the presidential elections. Wyoming, for example, has three presidential electors, or one per 192,000 population; California, by contrast, has 55 presidential electors, or only one per 719,000 population.
An overwhelming proportion of Americans know the truth about human-induced climate change and want action. In a Pew survey taken in October 2019, 79% of respondents answered that humans are contributing to climate change. Some 67% held that the federal government is doing too little to reduce the effects of global climate change. And 77% called on the federal government to prioritize alternative energy over fossil fuels.
The major Democratic presidential candidates -- all of them -- are fighting Trump on climate change. Bernie Sanders has unveiled the most comprehensive Green New Deal plan, and targets Big Coal and Big Oil to help pay for it. His plan will create millions of green jobs. Elizabeth Warren, Joe Biden and Michael Bloomberg have all unveiled climate plans as well. Given the lopsided majority of Americans in favor of climate action, the issue should certainly favor the Democrats in 2020. Yet America's broken political system poses major obstacles for the Democrats.
Most importantly, they must battle the well-funded propaganda of the fossil-fuel industry, along with Fox News and the opinion section of the Wall Street Journal, leading properties in Rupert Murdoch's media empire and ones that are thoroughly devoted to the fossil-fuel status quo. They must overcome the industry's massive campaign contributions to the Republicans.
They must overcome the Electoral College's small-state bias that favors the Republican Party, and which gave Trump the presidency in 2016 even as he lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton. And in contrast to Europe's vibrant and rising green parties, which win parliamentary seats in Europe's proportional representation systems, America's first-past-the-post voting system blocks a viable new green party in the Congress.
The darker truth is that Washington politics runs contrary to public opinion not only on climate change but on many pressing issues, including limiting healthcare costs, taxing the rich, cracking down on pollution, controlling gun violence and other issues.
Large American majorities favor not only action on climate action but also government-negotiated drug prices, higher taxes on the rich, and stronger gun control. Yet in all of these cases, corporate lobbies carry the day against public opinion. In the US political process, at least until today, big money wins over public opinion.
There is new hope in the New Year. In 2020, voters can stop America's downward spiral toward plutocracy and environmental ruin. The 2020 elections can herald the triumph of the common good over corporate greed. Our survival depends on it.
A former editor for The Christian Post said Thursday he had "no other choice" but to resign from his job after the Christian news website issued a strong editorial supporting President Donald Trump.
"When I was told this would be the position of the paper, of the news site, I said that's not something I can support," Napp Nazworth, who announced on Monday that he had resigned from The Christian Post, told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day."
Nazworth's resignation came amid a heated debate among evangelicals about Trump, who enjoys overwhelming support from the community despite his controversial public behavior and comments.
The controversy began last week, when a rival publication, Christianity Today, published an op-ed that called Trump morally unfit for office and called for his removal. In response, The Christian Post denounced the article, insisting that Trump's support among evangelicals remains strong and slamming the impeachment process -- arguing that a "government of elites" has compromised constitutional due process.
"We've never sounded like that before. That's not the types of positions we take in the past," Nazworth told CNN on Thursday, adding that his former employer's position on impeachment sounds like "some odd sort of conspiratorial thinking."
He also likened the Christian news website to the far-right website Breitbart, which is supportive of the President and his policies.
Nazworth brought up how the editors had all worked together previously on an anti-Trump editorial in 2016 with the headline "Donald Trump is a scam."
"We all agreed back then and understood who Donald Trump was," Nazworth said. "I didn't change my mind about Donald Trump, but some of the other editors did."
"I'm worried now that without me there, that, you know it will no longer be a place that presents the alternative view to team Trump and the evangelicals who support him," Nazworth said.
He added that he didn't want to leave.
"I warned them. If you go down this road and join team Trump, then that will destroy the reputation of The Christian Post," Nazworth said, adding, "We had reached the impasse and I really had no other choice but to leave."
In response to his initial resignation announcement, the Post told CNN on Tuesday that it "does not normally discuss personnel matters" but that it's "so very grateful for Napp's contribution over these many years and we wish him the best." The publication declined to add additional comment on Thursday.
White evangelicals form a major part of the foundation of Trump's political base and its leaders are among his most outspoken supporters. Trump won 80% of the vote among white born-again or evangelical Christian voters in 2016, according to CNN exit polls, and he's counting on their support as he seeks reelection in 2020.
During the House Intelligence Committee's investigation of President Donald Trump's effort to pressure Ukraine into announcing an investigation of the Bidens, the committee issued 71 subpoenas and requests for information. The Trump administration, in response, produced nothing -- not a single piece of paper.
So, it's only fair to ask: What are they hiding?
We just got our first small hint, and the answer is alarming. A federal judge ordered the administration to turn over documents subject to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the Center for Public Integrity. And just one of those documents -- an e-mail from Michael Duffey, a Trump appointee who served in the Office of Management and Budget, to other OMB and Pentagon officials -- gives us a tantalizing look at the administration's efforts to withhold foreign aid to Ukraine, and to cover up its own conduct.
Duffey -- one of four witnesses requested by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in Trump's upcoming Senate impeachment trial -- sent the e-mail roughly 90 minutes after Trump's July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. The Duffey e-mail is a prosecutor's dream, opening up various lines of potentially fruitful questioning.
Duffey writes, "Based on guidance I have received and in light of the Administration's plan to review assistance to Ukraine... please hold off on any additional DoD obligations of these funds."
First question: Who gave you the referenced guidance? Second question: What was the guidance? Clearly, somebody in the White House who was senior to Duffey told him to make sure to hold back foreign aid to Ukraine -- and did it right after Trump's call with Zelensky. The answer to these questions could provide information vital to understand Trump's actions and motives toward Ukraine.
Duffey later instructs in the e-mail, "Given the sensitive nature of the request, I appreciate your keeping that information closely held."
Ok, Duffey: explain the "sensitive nature" of the request to hold back funding from Ukraine? Why was it sensitive? Who told you it was sensitive? The answers to these questions could prove damning to Trump and his most senior officials.
Remember: the Duffey e-mail is just one piece of paper out of likely thousands, or more, that the administration has but refuses to turn over. If this one e-mail raises so many important questions, just imagine what we don't yet know.
I believe we will see many or perhaps all of the documents that the administration is withholding -- somehow, someday. The documents might come out, like the Duffey e-mail did, through Freedom of Information Act requests. Or they might become public through other lawsuits, subpoenas by Congress or prosecutors, disclosure by future administrations, or leaks. But, one way or another, we will eventually learn what this administration may be hiding.
The problem, of course, is that we may not know what the Trump administration is covering up until it is too late -- until this administration is long gone, or until it is too late to fix the damage.
If the Senate acquits Trump, but then he does something else later in his term that merits impeachment, can the House impeach him again? Or, is there a double jeopardy rule against impeaching a person twice?
No, the double jeopardy rule does not apply to impeachment. Double jeopardy is a concept unique to criminal law. The Fifth Amendment of the Constitution provides that "nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb."
The "in jeopardy of life or limb" language refers to criminal penalties -- including imprisonment or execution -- and not to impeachment, where the only penalty is removal from office.
While the double jeopardy rule means that a person cannot be charged twice for the same criminal offense, the Constitution provides no such legal protection against a second impeachment. No federal official, however, has ever been impeached twice in the United States.
Although second impeachment is legally possible, practical obstacles certainly would arise. It seems exceedingly unlikely as a political matter that the House would impeach a President, see that President acquitted in the Senate and then impeach him again for the same conduct.
If, however, a President was impeached, acquitted, and then committed new impeachable acts, the House could be more willing to impeach again.
Yes, a jury can convict in a criminal case based solely on indirect (also called "circumstantial") evidence, if it finds that indirect evidence sufficient to establish guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
Here's how judges explain the concept of direct versus indirect evidence to juries. Let's say you looked out the window of the courtroom and saw raindrops falling down and hitting the window. That would be direct evidence that it is raining outside. Now let's say the window shades were drawn, but you saw three people walk into the courtroom, all wearing raincoats, holding umbrellas and dripping wet. That would be indirect -- but still relevant and potentially decisive -- evidence that it is raining outside.
House Republicans' claim that the case against Trump consists of "no direct evidence" is not true, in any event. The July 25 call between Trump and Zelensky, for example, is direct evidence: you can look at it and see Trump's own words to Zelensky, much as you could look out the courtroom window and see raindrops.
There also is plenty of indirect evidence. For example, Ambassador Bill Taylor testified that it was unusual and unexplained that military aid to Ukraine was held back. A reasonable juror could -- but need not necessarily -- infer from this indirect evidence, all with the other indirect evidence, that the aid was held back in order to pressure Ukraine.
No, but the confusion here is understandable. Article II of the Constitution provides that the President "shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of impeachment."
On this point, the Constitution -- venerable document that it is -- loses points for ambiguity. Read one way, it could appear to say that after the President is impeached by the House, he loses the power to issue pardons. But read another way, it says that the President can issue pardons for criminal offenses but not for impeachment.
The latter reading is correct. There is no provision anywhere in the Constitution, statutes or case law that strips a president of any power upon impeachment by the House (though of course, if convicted in the Senate, the President loses office and all of its powers). It would be anomalous for the President to lose only one power -- the power to pardon -- upon impeachment alone, and no serious legal authority has argued for this interpretation.
Rather, the clause in Article II means that while a President can pardon an official (or any person) for a crime, he cannot pardon an official out of impeachment. In other words, the President does not have power to un-impeach. For example, if a federal judge committed bribery, the President could pardon the judge from a criminal bribery charge, but the President could not rescue the judge from impeachment. Indeed, no president has ever pardoned or even attempted to pardon an official from impeachment.
This makes sense in our broader system of checks and balances. The Constitution grants Congress the "sole power" to impeach, as one of its most powerful checks on the President and the executive branch. If the President could simply issue pardons to undo an impeachment, he could unilaterally deprive Congress of one of its vital tools, effectively rendering it moot.
On Christmas Eve, President Donald Trump told service members how he was honored to be in "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York," a movie he described as "one of the biggest" Christmas hits.
Later that day, a Canadian TV broadcast of the film was missing his cameo.
The timing -- judging by the network's explanation -- was a coincidence.
But more on that later.
Let's start with what Trump told troops about why he likes the movie so much.
During a video conference call with overseas service members, a sergeant asked him about his favorite movie, "Home Alone 2."
"Well, I'm in 'Home Alone 2,'" Trump responded.
"A lot of people mention it every year, especially around Christmas. They say ... especially young kids ... they say, 'I just saw you on the movie.' They don't see me on television as they do in the movie. But it's been a good movie, and I was a little bit younger, to put it mildly. And it was an honor to do it."
Then, the President added:
"And it turned out to be a very big hit, obviously. It's a big Christmas hit -- one of the biggest. So it's an honor to be involved in something like that, you always like to see success."
Released in 1992, the "Home Alone" sequel grossed $359 million.
In it, young Kevin McCallister (played by Macaulay Culkin) once again gets separated from his family and ends up in New York.
He crosses paths with Trump in the Plaza Hotel and asks him for directions to the hotel's lobby. Trump casually points him in the right direction and turns away.
When Canadian broadcaster CBC aired the movie "Home Alone 2" this week, the Trump cameo had been cut -- something that didn't go unnoticed on Twitter.
Reached for comment, the CBC sent a statement to CNN that said:
"As is often the case with feature films adapted for television, 'Home Alone 2' was edited for time.
"The scene with Donald Trump was one of several that were cut from the movie as none of them were integral to the plot.
"These edits were done in 2014 when we first acquired the film and before Mr. Trump was elected President."
Clarification: This story has been updated to make it clear that the CBC says the Trump cameo was edited out of the CBC version of "Home Alone 2" in 2014.
President Donald Trump on Thursday warned the Syrian regime and its allies against killing "thousands" of innocent civilians in the Idlib province.
"Don't do it!" he wrote in a typo-riddled tweet, accusing Russia and Iran along with the Syrian government led by Bashar al-Assad of "killing, or on their way to killing" the civilians.
He later corrected misspellings in a subsequent tweet.
Trump said Turkey was working to stop the "carnage," which has forced at least 100,000 people from their homes in the northwestern province.
Dozens of people have been killed by a wave of bombardment in the area, according to the White Helmets, a local volunteer search and rescue group.
Assad's army, with support from Russian air power, has stepped up its attacks on Idlib, the country's last major opposition bastion and home to more than 3 million Syrians.
The government has said that it is targeting terrorists in Idlib. But if the violence continues, hundreds of thousands of civilians could be displaced in the coming weeks, international aid organizations warn.
Turkey, an ally of Russia's which Trump praised in his tweet as attempting to curb the offensive, has so far not been able to end the violence.
Instead, the country's president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who Trump has fostered close ties with, has said his country would be unable to accommodate additional refugees fleeing the misery.
Speaking at a press conference in Istanbul on Sunday, Erdogan said his country, which already shelters the most Syrian refugees in the world, cannot handle a fresh wave of migrants and "will not bear" the burden alone.
It's unclear what prompted Trump's tweet on Thursday. He sent the message from his Florida estate amid a flurry of other angry messages about the ongoing impeachment saga. One included a complaint about his hampered ability to conduct foreign relations.
"Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats & their bogus Impeachment Scam," he wrote. "Bad for USA!"
Trump ventured to his nearby golf club a few hours later.
One of last military initiatives of the George W. Bush presidency was the creation of a new joint military command for Africa, called AFRICOM. The establishment of the organization reflected the recognition that, for the first time, powerful elements on the continent did represent a tangible military threat to the United States.
When the agency was activated in October 2008, ISIS was a growing force in the Middle East and looking for new fields to spread its reign of terror elsewhere, especially into Europe and Africa. In the decade it took to bring ISIS fully to heel in Iraq and Syria, the terrorist group became well implanted in Africa, which it likely saw as a new and relatively secure base.
In its annual report on terrorism released in October, the State Department singled out Africa as a key location where operations of terrorist groups were on the rise, unlike in Syria and Iraq, where they were on the run. In addition to ISIS presence in Africa, the decade saw the emergence of Boko-Haram, the group which originated in Nigeria but has spread far beyond, and other splinter groups, ranging from ISIS-aligned Islamic State West African Province (ISWAP) to the rival Shekau faction -- all of them embarking on widespread, violent attacks, kidnappings, and terrorist actions that spread death and destruction across sub-Saharan Africa.
In recognition of the new reality of terrorism in Africa, the US began building a $110 million drone base in Niger in 2016, and had deployed more than 7,000 troops across the continent.
But now, according to unnamed officials cited in the New York Times, Trump and his defense secretary, Mark Esper, are looking at dismantling some, perhaps even all, of a security infrastructure in West Africa so carefully and expensively assembled over the last decade. If they do this, they would be hanging out to dry part of a continent faced with the unchecked spread of terrorism and American allies still fighting daily battles there, all the while giving comfort to ISIS and a host of other terrorist groups.
Part of this projected withdrawal is likely rooted in Trump's ignorance about, and expressed disdain for, the African continent. The President of course referred to many African nations as "shithole countries," according to sources familiar with the meeting who were cited by CNN, and he has yet to make a state visit to the continent. When former National Security Adviser John Bolton detailed America's Africa policy it was expressed largely as a competition with China and Russia, whose presence is surging across the continent just as Trump is contemplating a major retreat.
The decision can also likely be traced more deeply to Trump's utterly transactional view of foreign and military policy. With Africa, in his view, having little tangible impact on American interests, and with no other nation in a position to foot the bill for American deployments on the continent, there is little reason to remain.
But, of course, Africa does have a tangible impact on American interests. An American pullback would leave a large hole that China and Russia would be only too happy to fill. China has already established a major beachhead in East Africa with a massive naval facility in Djibouti. And as early as 2015, the Pentagon's African Center for Strategic Studies reported that China was already the second-largest supplier of arms to sub-Saharan Africa -- after Russia. Both countries have invested broadly in the continent, seeking to win hearts and minds, with Chinese leader Xi Jinping even making a swing through a number of key countries last year.
But an American withdrawal would also leave a hole that France, the other large Western presence on the continent, would be hard-pressed to fill. Many African countries where terrorists have taken the deepest roots -- particularly in West Africa, like Mali, Niger and Chad -- are former French colonies with large French-speaking populations, and in whose security France has continued to maintain a real and tangible interest. But without at least the logistics, electronic intelligence and drone support from American forces, France would have trouble stemming the expansion of terrorist groups.
Just last week, French president Emmanuel Macron took time away from France to fly to the Ivory Coast to meet with eight West African leaders and give his support for a new African currency, while at the same time vowing to remain "united to face the threat" of Islamic terrorism. I can only hope that Trump's new determination to flee Africa is not based in any fashion on the disrespect he saw from Macron at the recent NATO summit in London.
Trump's foreign policy approach frequently reduces key diplomatic or military issues to transactional questions of dollars and cents. He has reportedly demanded that South Korea pony up 400% more than it is currently paying to help foot the bill for nearly 30,000 US troops deployed there to keep North Korea at bay. And his administration has also pressed Germany to raise its level of defense spending, pointing to the large deployment of US forces there that could be partially withdrawn.
The big question, in the end, is how one can measure security in dollars and cents. The truth is: Neither easily nor realistically. AFRICOM was established to fill a tangible security vacuum. Even with their efforts, that vacuum has only grown broader and deeper in the decade since significant numbers of American forces were deployed across the continent.
To remove them now, suddenly, with no alternative in place, will only give new encouragement to many of the most dangerous forces there, which would quickly become impossible or far more costly in money and lives to contain.
The Trump administration has tried multiple times to cut billions from foreign aid programs aimed at fighting corruption in Ukraine and other countries, despite President Donald Trump's oft-repeated claim that fighting corruption in Ukraine is a top issue for his administration, The Washington Post reported Wednesday.
The Post, citing White House budget documents, noted that the administration tried to cut a $30 million allocation to Ukraine for a program intended to support the country's anti-corruption bureau to $13 million, an attempt that was rejected by Congress. The paper said that in its 2020 budget request, which was released in March, the White House again suggested allocating $13 million to Ukraine for the program, but that "Congress seems likely to once again reject the proposed cut." The paper notes that lawmakers have yet to agree on a budget for this fiscal year.
The White House also "sought to streamline a number of overseas democracy assistance and foreign aid accounts under one larger umbrella," hoping that by doing so, they would save more than $2 billion, according to the Post. The fund is also aimed at combating corruption in foreign countries, and in 2018, spending for Ukraine from the fund was $250 million. The "White House has asked for $145 million in 2020 under the new iteration of the program," the Post said.
The attempts to cut the funding are at odds with the arguments the administration and the President have given for why Trump withheld hundreds of millions in military aid to Ukraine.
Speaking about the Ukraine drama earlier this month, Trump told reporters that he's "only interested in corruption," saying: "I don't care about politics. I don't care about Biden's politics ... I don't care about politics. But I do care about corruption, and this whole thing is about corruption ... This is about corruption, and this is not about politics."
On Sunday, Mick Mulvaney, the acting White House chief of staff, again sought to dismiss allegations that the administration held up the aid in exchange for the country investigating Trump's political opponent, telling Fox News "there were two reasons that we held up the aid ... the first one was the rampant corruption in Ukraine." He also said the aid was withheld because the administration was concerned about how much other countries were giving in aid to Ukraine.
But Democrats -- who have launched an impeachment inquiry into the matter -- argue that a White House transcript of a July phone call between Trump and the Ukrainian President shows that Trump conditioned the release of the aid on Ukraine investigating former Vice President Joe Biden and looking into an unsubstantiated theory that Ukraine, not Russia, was responsible for hacking Democratic Party emails in 2016. Trump has denied doing anything improper, and there is no evidence of wrongdoing by either Biden or his son, whose ties to a Ukrainian gas company have been the focus of Trump's allegations of corruption.
Rachel Semmel, a spokeswoman for the Office of Management and Budget, told the Post in a statement that Trump "has consistently sought across-the-board cuts to foreign aid, and has proposed more cuts in his budgets than any other president in history."
"He has also strongly encouraged other countries to contribute their own efforts and resources to their defense and reform efforts," Semmel told the Post.
American military officials say they're expecting a long-range ballistic missile test from North Korea for Christmas. President Donald Trump is eyeing something more decorative.
"Maybe it's a nice present," Trump said Tuesday underneath the gold-vaulted ceilings of Mar-a-Lago when questioned how he'd respond if Pyongyang fired a missile over the holidays.
"Maybe it's present where he sends me a beautiful vase as opposed to a missile test," Trump said. "I may get a vase. I may get a nice present from him. You don't know. You never know."
It was an optimistic (and joking) approach to the sinisterly un-merry promise from North Korea to deliver the United States a "Christmas gift" if there's no progress on lifting sanctions by year's end. The matter has consumed national security officials for weeks.
A series of tests that North Korean officials said were crucial for its nuclear program seemed to presage a bigger event by December 31. The commander of Pacific Air Forces said it was possible North Korea could launch a long-range missile. Trump has conferred with his counterparts in China and Japan on the issue.
A return to outright contention with North Korea would seriously undercut Trump's bumpy attempts at diplomacy with leader Kim Jong Un, with whom he's exchanged "love letters" and briefly walked alongside into North Korean territory in June.
Sitting in the frescoed living room at Mar-a-Lago, however, Trump did not seem overly concerned by what Kim might be wrapping up as his present.
"Oh, that's OK, we'll find out what the surprise is and we'll deal with it very successfully," he said after a video teleconference with troops. "Everybody's got surprises for me, but let's see what happens. I handle them as they come along."
The looming North Korea threat has raised concerns inside the White House that a period of relative calm is ending as Trump gears up for the 2020 campaign. Once a frequent topic of discussion at his campaign rallies, Trump has avoided mention of his close relationship with Kim at his last several events.
Still, the matter did not appear to be causing him great consternation as he settled into his Florida vacation, which is set to last more than two weeks. Instead, Trump saved his harshest Christmas Eve rhetoric for Democrats, who he accused of attempting to destroy him.
"They ought to look back at the last year to see how they hurt this country," Trump said after his conference with the troops had concluded. "Fortunately, we have a President who was able to plow through all the stuff."
Since departing Washington last Friday, Trump has been lapping up the positive attention that has become a hallmark of his southern getaways to Mar-a-Lago. After weeks of full-tilt jousting with Democrats that ended in his impeachment, his return to Palm Beach resembled a hero's return, if the hero was wounded and hungry for revenge.
"You had dirty cops, you had people spying on my campaign. They did terrible things, the likes of which have never been in the history of our country. It's very sad," he said before dismissing reporters and walking outside into the Florida sunshine.
After arriving late on Friday, it took little time for Trump to surround himself with longtime allies such as former press secretary Sarah Sanders, Fox News host Laura Ingraham, and his two adult sons Eric and Donald Trump Jr.
He addressed an enthusiastic gathering of young conservatives over the weekend, railing against Democrats and -- of all things -- windmills, days after becoming the third president in history to be impeached.
He met Saturday evening with retired Navy SEAL Eddie Gallagher, who was convicted of bringing discredit to the armed services after posing in a photo next to a dead ISIS fighter's body, which is against regulations. Gallagher was then demoted in rank -- a decision Trump reversed in a move that angered military officials and led to a review of Gallagher's status in the elite group.
Trump lunched at his golf club Sunday with the conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh, who later pushed back on the notion Trump was spending his holiday vacation being influenced by conservative allies in the absence of his White House advisers.
"The presumption, of course, is that Trump doesn't know anything," Limbaugh said on his radio show.
On Sunday, Trump returned to the club for a Christmas buffet, helping himself to a slab of prime rib as guests came over to say hello. He was welcomed by a choir.
One thing Trump hasn't done is much Christmas shopping, even on tony Worth Avenue, the Palm Beach shopping stretch a mile from his home. Answering a question from an Army intelligence analyst posted in Kuwait on Tuesday, Trump admitted he was still working on a gift for his wife.
"I got her a beautiful card," Trump said. "I picked the nicest one."
Perhaps realizing that a billionaire should at least profess to buying his wife more than a card for Christmas, Trump touted the love they share before claiming he was still searching for an actual gift.
"We've had a great relationship," he said. "I think I'll answer that by saying I'm still working on a Christmas present. There's a little time left. Not much, but a little time left."
Trump was beaming over a videoconference to US troops stationed in the Middle East, Afghanistan and Alaska, a technology he marveled at as the call latched. He praised the troops' service, repeatedly touted new equipment he said he was responsible for approving and noted he'd signed a pay raise for service members before leaving Washington.
When another Army information technology specialist asked Trump whether his favorite holiday movie was "Home Alone 2" -- the 1992 Christmas film where Trump briefly appears as himself walking through the lobby of the Plaza Hotel, which he owned at the time — Trump said he's complimented on the film frequently.
"It turned out to be a very big hit, obviously. It's a big Christmas hit, one of the biggest," he said. "It's an honor to be involved in something like that."
"A lot of people mention it," Trump went on. "I was a little bit younger to put it mildly."
Age seemed to be on his mind later when he was introduced to a young Air Force recruit at Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri.
"To be 19," Trump said wistfully. "Not so bad."
Asked how he was spending his Christmas holiday, Trump turned to a less-than-festive topic: Chinese tariffs.
"I'm at a place called Mar-a-Lago, we call it the southern White House," he said. "I really pretty much work. That's what I like to do."
Less than an hour later, he had returned to the Trump International Golf Club.
Roughly 90 minutes after President Donald Trump spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on July 25, Trump's political appointees at the White House's budget office were already ordering the Pentagon to freeze security funding for Ukraine, newly released government documents show.
"Based on guidance I have received and in light of the Administration's plan to review assistance to Ukraine, including the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative, please hold off on any additional DoD obligations of these funds, pending direction from that process," Mike Duffey, the White House official in the Office of Management and Budget responsible for overseeing national security money and a Trump political appointee, wrote to select OMB and Pentagon officials on July 25.
Duffey's email suggests that he knew the hold could raise concerns.
"Given the sensitive nature of the request, I appreciate your keeping that information closely held to those who need to know to execute direction," Duffey said.
While a formal notification would be sent later that day, this was the first clear sign that the aid was being held -- a short time after the phone call in which Trump pressed Zelensky for investigations that could boost Trump politically.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer renewed his call for Duffey to be a witness at the Senate impeachment trial, saying that the email showcases the information he may be able to offer.
"If there was ever an argument that we need Mr. Duffey to come testify, this is that information. This email is explosive. A top administration official, one that we requested, is saying, stop the aid 90 minutes after Trump called Zelensky and said keep it hush, hush. What more do you need to request a witness?" Schumer said at a news conference in New York on Sunday.
The budget office dismissed linking the hold of the aid to the call, noting it was announced at a mid-July interagency meeting.
"It's reckless to tie the hold of funds to the phone call. As has been established and publicly reported, the hold was announced in an interagency meeting on July 18. To pull a line out of one email and fail to address the context is misleading and inaccurate," Rachel Semmel, a spokeswoman for the OMB, said in a statement to CNN.
While an OMB official notified other agencies of the freeze on July 18, it is notable that the first official action to withhold Pentagon aid came the same day as Trump's call with Zelensky.
The call between Trump and Zelensky went from 9:03 am to 9:33 am and then the email from OMB's Duffey is time stamped at 11:04 am. That same email also appears elsewhere in the same batch released Friday with a 3:03 pm time stamp.
A judge ordered the OMB and the Pentagon to hand the documents over to the Center for Public Integrity Friday in response to a FOIA request. The Center for Public Integrity published the documents late Friday night.
While much of the release was redacted, the documents shed some light on the conversations between two government organizations who were carrying out the President's orders even amid concerns by some that they could run afoul of the law.
One of the earliest signs of President Trump's concerns about the funds stems from a June 19 article in the Washington Examiner discussing the congressionally approved military aid for Ukraine totaling $250 million.
The President apparently took note of the article and Duffey asked the Pentagon's chief financial officer about the plan to support Ukraine the same day the article was published.
"The President has asked about this funding release, and I have been tasked to follow-up with someone over there to get more detail."
Trump would go on to freeze the funds and, as the freeze dragged on, officials began raising concerns about the possibility of getting the money to Ukraine in time -- even if the hold was lifted.
On September 5, Department of Defense Comptroller Elaine McCusker mentioned the "increasing risk of execution," a nod to concerns at the Pentagon that continuing hold could prevent all the money from being spent.
Finally, on the evening of September 11, Duffey alerted McCusker that he is releasing the money for Ukraine.
"Copy. What happened?" McCusker asks.
The first line of Duffey's response is redacted. He goes on to say he hopes to sign the apportionment to release the money that evening and signs off, "Glad to have this behind us."
Also on Friday night, the government transparency group American Oversight received five pages of heavily redacted emails about the Ukraine aid, including some sent by Department of Defense Secretary Mark Esper.
The document releases Friday come in response to FOIA lawsuits, which members of the public and third-party groups often use to gain access to documents the executive branch has not released otherwise.
Though these releases have been heavily redacted, they begin to shade in more detail about officials' exchanges regarding the Ukraine aid pause, which House Democrats pursued as they investigated and impeached the President but could not access because of the White House's refusal to comply with congressional subpoenas.
More public document releases are scheduled in January to groups that have sued.
UPDATE: This story has been updated with additional details and reaction from the document release.
An editor for a Christian news website says he is resigning after the publication of a pro-Donald Trump editorial, saying his former employer has chosen to make a "business decision" to align itself with the President rather than follow its moral principles.
The resignation of Napp Nazworth from The Christian Post, announced on Twitter Monday, is the latest example of a recent heated debate among evangelicals about Trump, who enjoys overwhelming support from the community.
"The Christian Post does not normally discuss personnel matters though we would like to say that we are so very grateful for Napp's contribution over these many years and we wish him the best," the Christian Post said in an email to CNN on Tuesday. "We will remain a publication rooted in our Christian faith & committed to objectivity in our reporting & diversity in our opinions."
Last week, another evangelical publication, Christianity Today, drew headlines after its outgoing editor, Mark Galli, authored an op-ed calling Trump morally unfit for office and calling for his removal. The op-ed drew fierce pushback from many in the evangelical community and from the President himself, and prompted nearly 200 evangelical leaders over the weekend to denounce the editor and the magazine.
On Monday, The Christian Post also denounced Galli's article, insisting that Trump's support among evangelicals remains strong and saying Galli was aligning himself with the views of progressive Democrats, not evangelicals.
"CT's disdainful, dismissive, elitist posture toward their fellow Christians may well do far more long-term damage to American Christianity and its witness than any current prudential support for President Trump will ever cause," the editorial concluded.
In the wake of the editorial, Nazworth, who had worked for The Christian Post for more than eight years and served on the website's editorial board as politics editor, said he was "forced to make the difficult choice to leave The Christian Post."
"When the editors had disagreements, we would work through them, letting those discussions and debates inform and improve our coverage. Now, CP has chosen to go in a different direction," Nazworth wrote in a series of tweets. "Like so many other media companies, they've chosen to silo themselves. They've chosen to represent a narrow (and shrinking) slice of Christianity. That might be a good business decision, short term at least. But it's bad for Democracy, and bad for the Gospel. It means there will be one more place where readers can go for bias confirmation, but one less place where readers can go to exercise their brains on diversity of thought."
Nazworth, who has previously criticized Trump -- "Evangelicals who rationalize Donald Trump's misbehavior are sacrificing their moral authority at the altar of politics," he wrote in February for the Post -- said on Twitter he plans to take "some time off" over the holidays but will "say more about how Christians sully the name of Christ in their alliance with Trump in the new year."
White evangelicals compose a major part of the foundation of Trump's political base and its leaders are among his most outspoken supporters, and Trump is counting on their support heading into a tough reelection fight in 2020. He won 80% of the vote among white born-again or evangelical Christian voters in 2016, according to CNN exit polls, and the working-class white voters who are not evangelical Christians, especially the women in that group, loom as a potentially decisive swing block.
During his presidency, Trump has frequently championed causes dear to the evangelical community and pointed to the confirmation of two Supreme Court justices who are viewed as hostile to abortion rights. He is set to visit Miami early next month to attend the launch of the "Evangelicals for Trump" coalition, an event campaign officials said was set in motion before the Christianity Today editorial was published.
We all watched the House pass the articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump. Now there's a very technical legal debate that may be getting out of hand.
The basic gist is whether Trump is already impeached if the House hasn't yet given the articles of impeachment to the Senate. This is an op-ed argument between two Harvard professors, if that tells you how technical it is -- but Trump, master of seizing on technicalities and tidbits to call something into question (remember President Barack Obama's birth certificate) was pushing the idea at a rally over the weekend.
"How do you impeach if you have no crime?" Trump said. "Even if people said there was no crime in fact there's no impeachment. Their own lawyers said there's no impeachment."
The "their lawyers" Trump's referring to are Noah Feldman, the Harvard professor who argued in favor of impeachment at House Judiciary hearings. Feldman argued, in opposition to the Harvard professor Laurence Tribe -- a legendary Democratic lawyer who did not testify at hearings -- that until the articles are given to the Senate, there is technically no impeachment.
CNN contributor Scott Gerber writes that there could actually be something to this if Trump were to sue the House and argue the entire process is politically motivated.
"I suspect that many court watchers believe that the Supreme Court would consider any potential lawsuit that flows from Speaker Pelosi's decision to delay delivery of the Articles of Impeachment to be a non-justiciable political question or, in other words, a case that is so politically charged that federal courts, which are typically viewed as the apolitical branch of government, should not decide the dispute," he wrote.
Citing a previous case in which the courts did not interfere in a judge's impeachment, Gerber sees an opening for the courts to interfere in Trump's.
"If 'arbitrary' impeachment processes can be reviewed and overturned by the Supreme Court, so too can partisan impeachment processes such as that to which President Trump continues to be subjected," he writes. "After all, no Republican member of the House voted to impeach the president and, despite their assertions to the contrary, both Speaker Pelosi and Professor Tribe appear to be motivated by a partisan desire to weaken President Trump during the 2020 election cycle."
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has not officially transmitted the articles as she tries to pressure Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for concessions about the format for a Senate trial and whether it will have witnesses.
On Twitter, Sen. Lindsey Graham, Trump's voice in the Senate, referred to her move as a "constitutional outrage."
McConnell said on Monday that he and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer were at an impasse in negotiating for a Senate trial. "We can't do anything until the Speaker sends the papers over, so everybody enjoy the holidays," McConnell told "Fox and Friends."
That means, essentially, that he and Pelosi are playing procedural chicken. She won't send the articles until he guarantees fairness at the trial. He appears unwilling to negotiate without the articles. Happy holidays!
Newly released emails show the official hold on military aid to Ukraine happened within 90 minutes of the end of Trump's call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on July 25.
The emails were released as part of a FOIA lawsuit by the Center for Public Integrity. It's the latest piece of information to confirm that basic storyline that Trump withheld the money in order to pressure Zelensky to investigate both the Bidens and his conspiracy theory about 2016.
Although the emails are heavily redacted, they a few very important points:
Officials at OMB were talking about Trump's specific interest in Ukraine funds on June 19.
They specifically held the aid just after the July 25 phone call
They realized at the time the decision to hold the aid was sensitive
They asked that the information be "closely held"
Officials at the Pentagon and State Department knew of Trump's desire to hold the funding July 18, but the official hold was placed just after the call. This also works in line with testimony from Laura Cooper, who oversees Eurasia policy at the Pentagon, that her office received inquiries from both the State Department and the Ukrainian Embassy in Washington about the aid on that day.
It's worth pointing out that at this rate -- and in part because Democrats pushed to quickly impeach Trump -- that we will still be learning new details about Trump and Ukraine long after the impeachment portion of his presidency is at an end.
That said, none of the new evidence has been exculpatory (unless you believe pressuring Zelensky to damage a political rival is totally OK) and none of it has challenged the basic storyline. But there are knowable facts that House impeachers chose not to pursue.
Impeachment Watch podcast -- I talked about the situation created by Democrats on the podcast today with Marshall Cohen and CNN political analyst Sarah Isgur.
Courts take forever -- It should be noted that one of the court cases in which Democrats are trying to compel testimony from former White House counsel Don McGahn predates the Ukraine scandal and, it appears, a decision on whether he must show up for testimony could come after impeachment is done. The next court date is January 3.
In a court filing, House counsel Douglas Letter, referring to McGahn's testimony, said that while impeachment proceeds, investigators must continue their work and fact finding. If they uncover new misconduct, he said, a second impeachment could be necessary.
"If McGahn's testimony produces new evidence supporting the conclusion that President Trump committed impeachable offenses that are not covered by the Articles approved by the House, the Committee will proceed accordingly — including, if necessary, by considering whether to recommend new articles of impeachment," Letter wrote.
The Department of Justice argued that since articles of impeachment have been approved, the need for McGahn's testimony is not nearly as urgent.
Democratic Sen. Doug Jones of Alabama won a special election to replace the seat vacated by Jeff Sessions when he became Trump's attorney general. He represents a state that is solidly behind Trump, and is the Democratic senator in the most electoral jeopardy heading into 2020. He's also likely to face off next November against none other than Sessions, who is campaigning for his old job after being unceremoniously fired by Trump over his recusal from the Russia investigation.
Jones is not against impeachment, but, even after all these months, he wants to see more. He says he can imagine plausible explanations for Trump's behavior.
"I'm trying to see if the dots get connected," he said. "If that is the case, then I think it's a serious matter. I think it's an impeachable matter. But if these dots aren't connected and there are other explanations that I think are consistent with innocence, I will go that way too."
"What I really want to see, though, is to fill in the gaps," he said. "There are gaps."
The difference between Trump and presidents like Clinton and Nixon is that Trump has no remorse, writes David Gergen, who remembers all three impeachment efforts.
Evangelical leaders push back at Chrstianity Today, magazine that called for Trump's removal from office.
Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt was asked by CNN's Dana Bash if Trump asking Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son Hunter was appropriate and whether what Trump did was a mistake. Blunt's reply: "Presidents make mistakes. I don't know that this call was a mistake."
After it published an op-ed calling for President Donald Trump's removal for office, Christianity Today says it's seen a boost in readership.
Mark Galli, the editor-in-chief of the leading evangelical publication, made the remarks during an interview with the Rev. Al Sharpton on MSNBC on Sunday.
The editorial, he said, divided readers -- but support outweighed criticism.
"Although we've lost hundreds of subscribers, we've gained three times as many subscribers," he told Sharpton.
Galli penned the condemnatory editorial for the magazine last week. In it, he criticized what he called Trump's "grossly immoral character" and urged evangelicals to stop supporting him.
"We believe the impeachment hearings have made it absolutely clear, in a way the Mueller investigation did not, that President Trump has abused his authority for personal gain and betrayed his constitutional oath," he wrote in the op-ed. "The impeachment hearings have illuminated the president's moral deficiencies for all to see."
The publication, influential among evangelicals, has criticized Trump's policies in the past but never called for his removal.
"Something flipped" during the impeachment hearings, Galli said during his told MSNBC interview.
The editorial drew criticism from readers, who argued Galli was "questioning their spiritual integrity," he told Sharpton.
But other readers thanked him for the piece, and he noted there was anxiety among some evangelical Christians over whether a publication would address the impeachment hearings.
"We rarely comment on politics unless the situation is grave and serious and might affect the welfare of the American people in some way, whom we're called as Christians to love as ourselves," Galli said.
He noted the publication, founded by the late Billy Graham, an influential evangelical leader, previously called for the impeachment of Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton during their hearings.
"This is part of our legacy -- to speak out on national issues of moral import when the time calls for it," he said.
Galli told CNN last week he was leaving the publication.
Even within its ranks, the editorial was polarizing.
Jerushah Duford, Graham's granddaughter, told CNN the editorial was "courageous."
Her uncle Franklin Graham, a vocal presidential supporter, said it was "unfathomable" that the publication would release a "totally partisan attack" on Trump.
Trump dismissed the criticism follow its publication, calling Christianity Today a "far left magazine" and drawing a contrast between himself and the Democrats seeking the 2020 presidential nomination.
"No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and it's not even close," he said. "You'll not get anything from those Dems on stage."
In an editorial published Sunday, Christianity Today president Timothy Dalrymple said the magazine is "theologically conservative," but still felt compelled to say "the alliance of American evangelism with this presidency has wrought enormous damage to Christian witness."
"While the Trump administration may be well regarded in some countries, in many more the perception of wholesale evangelical support for the administration has made toxic the reputation of the Bride of Christ," he wrote.
The holiday season is about love and generosity of spirit. Beneath the scramble for gifts, it's a reminder that kindness is the real currency that causes a community to flourish.
But it's also worth remembering that those virtues have their opposites -- namely, fear and greed. They are simple words with clear meanings, warned against as far back as the Bible. And those forces are threatening to disfigure our democracy today.
Fear and greed are hardwired into human nature. They are the cudgels that bullies and other authoritarians have used to enforce conformity in every era.
Fear and greed are self-reinforcing and prompt powerful rationalizations. Fear often sparks the impulse to demonize people we disagree with, creating superficial tribal unity by focusing on a common "enemy." Greed can drive people away from common decency and common sense just as fast, offering the short-term benefits of tribal approval, money and power.
In every era, there are leaders who wield fear and greed like an instrument to play people. "Real power is -- I don't even want to use the word -- fear," President Donald Trump told Bob Woodward of the Washington Post. Witness his admiration for dictators around the world and you'll see that fear is the measure of power he most respects.
And of course, Trump has been an unapologetic apostle for greed since the go-go 80s, telling one campaign crowd: "My whole life I've been greedy, greedy, greedy. I've grabbed all the money I could get. I'm so greedy," before saying that now he wants to be greedy on behalf of the US.
These are known qualities when it comes to President Trump. What's been surprising is how quickly many good people have been cowed into enabling silence.
There are plenty of compelling reasons in the short run to avoid standing up and speaking the truth, but in the end it's always a form of appeasement -- something which Winston Churchill once memorably defined as feeding a crocodile and hoping it eats you last.
In one of the telling jokes of our time, Republican operative Mike Murphy quipped that if an impeachment trial was decided by a secret ballot, there would be at least 30 votes in the Senate to remove Trump from office -- to which former Arizona Senator Jeff Flake, a libertarian who found himself unwelcome in the era of Trump, replied, "That's not true. There'd be at least 35."
What's to account for the stark gap between what so many Republican-elected officials say in private and what they are willing to say in public? I would suggest it is fear and greed.
"The greatest fear any member of Congress has these days is losing a primary," former Representative Carlos Curbelo told the New York Times in an analysis of how President Trump has taken over the Republican Party. "That's the foremost motivator."
Former Republican representative Dave Trott from Michigan offered an even more damning assessment: "Trump is emotionally, intellectually and psychologically unfit for office, and I'm sure a lot of Republicans feel the same way," Trott said. "But if they say that, the social media barrage will be overwhelming."
All this can lead to a dark and illogical place. As Flake wrote in a recent Washington Post Op-Ed addressed to his colleagues: "As dogma demands, there are members of our party denying objective reality by repeating the line that 'the president did nothing wrong.' My colleagues, the danger of an untruthful president is compounded when the coequal branch follows that president off the cliff, into the abyss of unreality and untruth."
But fear can provide a powerful mechanism to rationalize group-think. Republican representatives can calm their conscience by sublimating their personal disapproval of Trump and deflecting toward fear of "the other" -- pointing to perceived extremes on the left, increasingly strident voices that embrace aspects of socialism and despise them for personal characteristics -- like being white, male or wealthy. This allows them to overlook whatever principles they have abandoned in the name of partisan politics.
This fear of "the other" fuels further militancy on either side until America feels, at times, as if it is inexorably descending towards ever greater divides that seem bitter and unbridgeable, especially when even the President of the United States openly muses about the possibility of a second civil war.
This feedback loop of hate and distrust is the opposite of loving thy neighbor as thyself.
Doing the right thing, no matter how difficult, is ultimately liberating to you and to other people who find courage in your example. That's how we build a better world, not through some utopian scheme but imperfect people working to form a more perfect union, which we never fully arrive at.
It's the idealism behind the striving that matters, not the cynicism that comes up with all kinds of ornate excuses for apathy or inaction.
The renewal that comes from this holiday season comes from reacquainting ourselves with those transcendentally true emotions of love and appreciation. That also means becoming newly aware of their opposites -- fear and greed -- and how they seductively insinuate themselves into our daily lives. Because the courage that comes from living in truth, consistent with the spirit of kindness, is the value we should always aim to uphold in our democracy, no matter who is in power.
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Fox News on Sunday: "If you pause for one moment and you read this IG (inspector general) report by Horowitz. Here's the FBI; they broke into President Trump -- at the time candidate Trump's -- campaign, spied on him, and then they covered it up. It is a modern-day Watergate." He added, "They broke into his campaign by bringing people into it. They have been trying to cover it up for the whole time."
McCarthy, a Republican congressman from California, used similar language when he tweeted out the video clip: "The FBI broke into President Trump's campaign, spied on him, then tried to cover it up. This is a modern-day Watergate." The tweet went viral, generating more than 32,000 retweets by Monday morning.
But the very inspector general report McCarthy urged people to read as proof of his "broke into" allegation specifically debunks that allegation.
Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz found no evidence the FBI "broke into" the Trump campaign while investigating the campaign's relationship with Russia. In addition to finding no physical break-in like the one that occurred at the Democratic National Committee office at the Watergate complex in 1972, Horowitz found no evidence that any member of the FBI investigation ever even suggested inserting informants into the Trump campaign.
Horowitz's report said that "all" of the witnesses his team interviewed said "that the FBI did not try to recruit members of the Trump campaign as CHSs (confidential human sources), did not send CHSs to collect information in Trump campaign headquarters or Trump campaign spaces, and did not ask CHSs to join the Trump campaign or otherwise attend campaign related events as part of the investigation."
Horowitz added that "we found no information indicating otherwise."
The word "spied" is more subjective than the phrase "broke into," since "spied" can be used to describe both illegal and legal secret collection of information.
The inspector general found that the FBI opened individual investigative cases into four people affiliated with Trump's campaign -- campaign chairman Paul Manafort and foreign policy advisers George Papadopoulos, Carter Page and Michael Flynn -- and used confidential human sources and undercover employees to interact with Page, Papadopoulos, and with "a high-level Trump campaign official who was not a subject of the investigation."
The FBI also obtained authorization under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) to conduct electronic surveillance of Page -- though the first of the four FISA applications, in October 2016, came more than three weeks after Page told The Washington Post he was taking a leave of absence from the campaign. The inspector general found "at least 17 significant errors or omissions" in the four FISA applications related to Page.
Page has not been charged with a crime. Papadopoulos and Flynn, who became Trump's first White House national security adviser, pleaded guilty to making false statements to the FBI. Manafort was convicted at trial of financial crimes and pleaded guilty to additional crimes.
Attorney General William Barr said in an interview with NBC earlier this month that the campaign was "clearly spied upon," arguing that "wiring people up to go in and talk to people and make recordings of their conversations," and going through people's emails, "is spying." He told the Senate Judiciary Committee in May that he doesn't think the word spying is "pejorative," calling it "a good English word that in fact doesn't have synonyms because it is the broadest word incorporating really all forms of covert intelligence collection."
Speaking to Congress and to journalists, FBI Director Christopher Wray has pushed back on Barr's choice of words. He told ABC in an interview earlier this month that "different people have different colloquial terms, but we use terms like 'investigation' and 'surveillance.'"
A former GOP congressman who retired earlier this year says President Donald Trump is "psychologically, morally, intellectually, and emotionally unfit for office" and that he will consider voting for a Democrat in 2020.
Dave Trott, who represented suburban Detroit for two terms until he declined to seek reelection last year, made the comments in a letter to The Atlantic and went on to say Congress should remove Trump from office.
"High unemployment, a stagnating economy, and massive debt for a few years are better than alienating the rest of our allies, getting into a nuclear war with Iran, or allowing 10,000 Islamist soldiers to be set free in Syria," Trott wrote. He was responding to an article published in The Atlantic in September quoting military officers who were critical of Trump.
Trott -- who voiced similar criticisms of Trump in a New York Times article published over the weekend -- is the latest former Republican office-holder who is publicly criticizing the President only after retiring or losing reelection. Meanwhile, among those who remain in Congress and hope to stay there, Trump retains consistently unified backing, and not one Republican broke ranks to support the Democratic-led impeachment vote last week.
In his interview with the Times, Trott said he would be open to the candidacy of former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg in next year's election.
Among the 21 Republican members of Congress who have announced they will not seek reelection next year are a handful of congressmen -- including Will Hurd of Texas, Francis Rooney of Florida and John Shimkus of Illinois -- who have criticized the President while in office and subsequently announced they will not run to retain their seat.
A 2017 Trump administration policy change has severely limited any penalties groups might face for bird deaths across the United States, according to a new report published Tuesday by The New York Times.
The change, part of a series of actions by the Trump administration that have rolled back environmental protections, has had the effect of further endangering bird populations in the United States, which have plummeted by 29% since 1970, a study published by the journal Science in September found.
The memo from the Office of the Solicitor of the US Department of Interior made a change to the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA) of 1918, allowing for the incidental taking or killing of migratory birds, as long as that was not the intent of the action. That enables companies to move eggs, nest or birds themselves, as long as there is another reason for doing it, such as construction or day-to-day business and not the intentional taking or killing of birds.
The MBTA still enforces penalties for the taking or killing of migratory birds, their nests, or their eggs if that is the intent of an action.
The memo, however, argues that the scope of incidental taking was "virtually unlimited" prior to the new interpretation.
It goes on to list various "human-caused threats" to birds that it claims could have been prosecuted under the former interpretation of the MBTA.
"It would also turn every American who owns a cat, drives a car or owns a home -- that is to say, the vast majority of Americans -- into a potential criminal," the memo says.
According to emails obtained by the Times, when the Michigan Department of Natural resources emailed the U.S Fish & Wildlife Service seeking clarification if it could cut down trees, they were told "The recent M -Opinion also removes the prohibition to removing trees with active nests as long as the intent of the action is the cutting of the trees (in this case for timber harvest)." The agency did lay out potential ways to limit the damage done to the birds and nests, but noted those actions were "strictly voluntary."
The Trump administration has frequently rolled back regulations aimed at protecting the environment and curbing the effects of climate change. Among the notable actions this year was the decision in June by the Environmental Protection Agency to roll back an Obama-era plan limiting coal-fired power plant emissions and the revocation of California's authority in September to set its own vehicle emission standards.
In his fight against wind energy, Trump has repeatedly cited bird deaths from wind turbines. A CNN fact check has found that although hundreds of thousands of birds are killed from collisions with turbines, other energy sources, such as coal, oil and power lines, contribute to millions of avian deaths each year.
Not even his biggest fans would describe Donald Trump as a bearer of peace and goodwill. This Christmas, the US President has even opened a schism among evangelical Christians.
It all started with a fire and brimstone editorial in "Christianity Today" that lambasted Trump's "grossly immoral character." Sparked by impeachment drama, the piece caused a net spike in subscriptions, according to the religious magazine's outgoing editor, who seemed to be having a Howard Beale moment on his way out the door.
Evangelicals are a crucial component of the President's base as he eyes his reelection battle, and non-believers and moderate worshippers often wonder why they tolerate Trump's failings -- such as lying, racial rhetoric and alleged adultery -- that appear to flout their morals. But forgiveness is a Christian virtue too. And while Trump seems to need more forgiveness than most, he's offering his flock plenty in exchange.
Trump has delivered two Supreme Court justices and scores of young, conservative federal judges bristling for a fight on social issues like abortion and same sex rights. A second Trump term could put the Supreme Court majority out of reach of Democrats for two generations and thwart socially liberal laws passed by future Democratic presidents, in a nation being swept by a secular tide.
For now, many evangelical leaders are still standing firmly behind Trump. Jerry Falwell Jr,, son of the famous televangelist and president of a major Christian university, has already joyously predicted the 2020 election will be like "Hiroshima and Nagasaki for the Dems!"
It may seem like a Faustian bargain to some. But for others, voting Trump delivers a divine payoff.
This is what's known as a pre-Christmas news dump.
With all its Washington antagonists out of town for the holidays and with Trump out-of-sight in Florida, Saudi Arabia dropped its verdict on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi: Death sentences for five anonymous suspects -- and all higher-ups cleared of wrongdoing.
Critics called the ruling a whitewash and a scam. But the White House, through a statement from an unnamed official, hailed a good "first step" -- a positive response that sits uneasily with CIA assessments that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman himself knew about and possibly ordered the gruesome murder.
The Trump administration, led by first son-in-law Jared Kushner, is all-in on MBS, and has anchored US policy towards Iran and the wider Middle East on the impulsive Crown Prince. But Khashoggi's murder and that impenetrable relationship have now sparked rare bipartisan alarm on Capitol Hill -- and it will take more than a secretive deliberation in Riyadh to fix the kingdom's problems in the US Capitol.
Trump won't be in office for ever. And one day, the coziness of the Trumps and the Salmans will cede to a reckoning in US-Saudi relations.
Trump reflected briefly on the Earth's size this weekend, during a diatribe against windmills in West Palm Beach. "They're made in China and Germany mostly -- very few made here, almost none," he said of the green technology he loves to hate. "But they're manufactured tremendous -- if you're into this -- tremendous fumes. Gases are spewing into the atmosphere. You know we have a world, right? So the world is tiny compared to the universe."
He added, "You want to see a bird graveyard? You just go. Take a look. A bird graveyard. Go under a windmill someday. You'll see more birds than you've ever seen ever in your life."
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo cited Donald Trump in announcing his veto last week of a bill that would have allowed more federal judges to officiate weddings in the state because some were nominated by the President.
The bill, which passed the New York state senate and assembly with overwhelming bipartisan support, would have expanded officiating authority to all federal judges. New York law currently only permits state judges to solemnize weddings, along with certain federal judges like those sitting on the second circuit court of appeals and some federal judges from particular districts.
"I cannot in good conscience support legislation that would authorize such actions by federal judges who are appointed by this federal administration," Cuomo, a Democrat, said in his veto message on Friday.
"President Trump does not embody who we are as New Yorkers. The cornerstones that built our great State are diversity, tolerance, and inclusion. Based on these reasons, I must veto this bill."
The legislation was sponsored by Democratic state Sen. Liz Krueger, who responded to Cuomo's veto by saying she didn't consider the matter to be "a major issue."
"Four years ago we gave the Governor the ability to perform marriages. Two years ago we gave legislators that ability. Marriage in New York is inclusive, equal, and open to all who want it. So when it was suggested to me that we expand it to Federal judges, I thought, 'why not? The more the merrier!'" Krueger said in a statement. "I'm certainly no fan of the judges this president is choosing to appoint - but since any New Yorker can become a minister online for $25 and legally perform weddings, I didn't consider this to be a major issue."
She added: "And I wish anyone who chooses to get married a union much longer, more loving, and much more honest than the tenure of the man currently occupying the White House."
Cuomo's veto marks the latest instance of the New York governor leveraging his office to chide Trump. In October, he signed legislation that allows the state to prosecute people who have received a presidential pardon for the same offense and earlier this year signed a law that allows Congress to get a hold of Trump's state tax returns.
After Trump, native New Yorker, declared himself a Florida resident in October, Cuomo tweeted "Good riddance."
"It's not like @realDonaldTrump paid taxes here anyway," he said. "He's all yours, Florida."
Nearly 200 evangelical leaders are pushing back against an op-ed in a prominent Christian magazine that called for Donald Trump to be removed from office, saying the piece "offensively" dismissed their support of the President.
Following Trump's impeachment last week, Mark Galli, the outgoing editor of Christianity Today, called Trump a "grossly immoral character." The criticism was notable as evangelicals are a key constituency of Trump, who dismissed the magazine as "far left." The President will visit Miami early next month to attend the launch of the "Evangelicals for Trump" coalition, an event campaign officials said was set in motion before the editorial was published.
On Sunday, the evangelical leaders -- many of whom are public supporters of Trump -- affirmed their strong support of the President and slammed the magazine in a letter to Dr. Timothy Dalrymple, the president of Christianity Today, reported the Christian Post.
"Your editorial offensively questioned the spiritual integrity and Christian witness of tens-of-millions of believers who take seriously their civic and moral obligations," the evangelical leaders wrote.
"It not only targeted our President; it also targeted those of us who support him, and have supported you," they added.
The signatories include Jerry Falwell Jr., the president of Liberty College; Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council; Ralph Reed, the president of the Faith and Freedom Coalition; and Paula White Cain, Trump's longtime spiritual adviser who recently joined the White House staff.
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, former Reps. Michele Bachmann and Bob McEwen were also among those who signed the letter.
CNN has reached out to some of the letter's signatories for additional comment. In a message Sunday acknowledging the open letter, Dalrymple said he hopes Galli's op-ed can lead to greater debate among the evangelical community.
"In a political landscape dominated by polarization, hostility, and misunderstanding, we believe it's critical for Christians to model how to have a firm opinion and host free discussion at the same time," Dalrymple wrote. "Evangelicals of different stripes cannot continue to shout one another down, bully those who disagree, or exclude one another and refuse to listen."
Dalrymple added: "We hold fast to our view that the wholehearted evangelical embrace of Trump has been enormously costly -- but we are committed to irenic conversation with men and women of good faith who believe otherwise."
Galli told CNN in an interview Friday that he didn't imagine his editorial would sway Trump's support among evangelicals.
"I don't have any imaginations that my editorial is going to shift their views on this matter. The fact of the matter is that Christianity Today is not read by Christians on the far right, by evangelicals on the far right. So, they're going to be as dismissive of the magazine as President Trump has shown to be," Galli told CNN's John Berman on "New Day."
In their letter, the evangelical leaders said that Galli's comments on CNN "further offensively dismissed our point of view" and pushed back on the characterization that they were "far right evangelicals."
"Rather, we are Bible-believing Christians and patriotic Americans who are simply grateful that our President has sought our advice as his administration has advanced policies that protect the unborn, promote religious freedom, reform our criminal justice system, contribute to strong working families through paid family leave, protect the freedom of conscience, prioritize parental rights, and ensure that our foreign policy aligns with our values while making our world safer, including through our support of the State of Israel," they said.
They added that the editorial "without any meaningful and immediate regard for dissenting points of view, not only supported the entirely-partisan, legally-dubious, and politically-motivated impeachment but went even further, calling for Donald Trump not to be elected again in 2020 when he certainly survives impeachment."
Christianity Today, which was founded by late evangelist Billy Graham, has been an influential publication among evangelicals.
Earlier Friday, Trump dismissed Galli's op-ed, calling the publication on Twitter a "far left magazine."
Franklin Graham, the son of Billy Graham, said in a statement posted to social media early Friday morning that his father would "not agree" with Christianity Today's op-ed, adding that his father voted for Trump in 2016.
To understand just how fundamentally President Donald Trump has shifted core principles underlying US foreign policy, take a look at India.
More than 20 people have died in India's protests against a new citizenship law that excludes Muslims. The law fast-tracks Indian citizenship for refugees fleeing persecution in neighboring countries, but only if they're Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi or Christian -- which critics say enshrines religious discrimination and threatens India's secular democracy.
You might expect to find the US, the leading secular democracy, at the front of the queue in condemning any measure making religion a criterion for citizenship. Former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama extolled US synergies with the world's largest democracy while forging new ties with India. Bush's administration even banned Narendra Modi -- then Gujarat state's chief minister -- from traveling to the US after he was accused of failing to stop Hindu riots targeting minority Muslims.
Trump however, has his own personal synergies with Modi; they even held hands at the Hindu nationalist prime minister's massive "Howdy Modi!" rally in Texas earlier this year. The US President has rarely met a nationalist movement that he didn't love (with the possible exception of Xi Jinping's plans to make China great again) and he sees New Delhi as a potential lynchpin of his administration's Indo-Pacific strategy to counter Beijing's influence. Plus, similarities between India's new law and his own 2016 campaign call for a ban on Muslims traveling to the US are hard to ignore.
The US ambassador at large for religious freedom has called on India specifically to abide by its constitutional commitments. But while Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has condemned repression of Muslims in other countries, he declined to criticize the citizenship law while meeting the Indian foreign minister here in Washington, last week. So far his boss is keeping quiet, too.
The protests currently consuming India include a unique element: At every gathering, protestors young and old are reading out the constitution or singing the national anthem.
As demonstrators wave flags high in the air, their desperation over the threat to their country's secular identity hangs heavy. They bear banners evoking India's historic struggle for independence, and its pluralistic fabric today. "Save the constitution," they read. "Hindus and Muslims are brothers, why are you dividing us?"
Protestors are not just incensed over the passage of a law that introduces religious criteria into citizenship claims -- they fear that the ruling right-wing government is hijacking India's founding vision of diversity. -- CNN's Swati Gupti writes to Meanwhile from Delhi
Russia and China on Friday vetoed a UN resolution that would have allowed 12 more months of humanitarian aid to be sent to Syrians in rebel-held areas from two points in Turkey and one in Iraq.
"Russia and China, who have chosen to make a political statement by opposing this resolution, you have blood on your hands," Pompeo said Saturday. The aid would have helped 4 million Syrian refugees, he also said.
US senators are studying up for Trump's impeachment trial, expected in January. "We're all trying to get up to speed because this doesn't happen very often," Republican Sen. John Cornyn from Texas told CNN's Claire Foran. He said he's reading "The Impeachers," a new book on the impeachment and trial of former President Andrew Johnson, the first US presidential impeachment.
While new satellite images suggest that North Korea is busy building up its missile launching capabilities, the chance that it will have an ICBM or nuclear test around Christmas is "very low," CNN's Will Ripley reports. The country's promised "Christmas gift" to the US will instead likely be a new, hard-line approach in dealing with America.
Pyongyang is currently weighing Trump's political future as 2020 challengers emerge. Leader Kim Jong Un may be more willing to engage in dialogue if Trump seems likely to win a second term, but for now, the US President is "seen as politically weakened and therefore unable to implement any agreement reached," Ripley writes.
In the Democratic race for president, Pete Buttigieg is under fire for being too young to have the nuclear codes, and Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders for being too old. Meanwhile, the 70-year-old Elizabeth Warren is making the case that while she's been around the block, she'd still be the youngest woman ever inaugurated.
Thanks for reading and Happy Hanukkah to all who are celebrating. Winter break has emptied the US Senate and House, and not a creature is stirring, not even a mouse. The President's at Mar-a-Lago for his holidays, so keep an eye out for tweets about impeachment trial delays. "The Dems wish it would all end," said he in a Sunday eruptus, "Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!"
The Spanish have that famous book with the knight who goes tilting at windmills because he thinks they're hulking giants.
The Americans have the President whose hatred of windmills is no less epic. He thinks they're cancer-causing bird killers that drive down property values, and he fought against putting them within sight of his golf course.
Over the weekend, Donald Trump renewed his longstanding attacks on windmills during a speech to a conservative student group, this time putting an America First gloss on his opposition.
"I never understood wind," he said. "You know, I know windmills very much. I've studied it better than anybody I know. It's very expensive. They're made in China and Germany mostly -- very few made here, almost none."
He then repeated claims he's made before about windmill installations depressing house prices nearby, and killing bald eagles, echoing claims he started making earlier in the year.
"Hillary wanted to put up wind," Trump said at a fundraiser for Republicans in Washington last spring, kicking off an extended riff about the evils of windmills -- wind turbines, more accurately -- and the inadequacy of wind energy. It's worth looking at in full since it's clearly becoming part of his stump speech and feeds into his larger distrust of renewable energy and his mocking of climate change.
Trump fought for a decade against the Scottish government's effort to install a renewable energy wind farm off the coast of Aberdeen, which could be seen from his eponymous golf course there. He called them a "horrible idea" and "ugly" in court documents.
The case of Trump vs. the Scottish windmills went to the UK's Supreme Court in 2015, according to Quartz. The wind farm was completed in 2018. In February, adding insult to injury, Trump's golf course was ordered to pay the Scottish government's legal bills from the case, according to the BBC.
Note: Trump does not have quite the same disdain for offshore oil drilling, which his administration has pushed through an executive order, although it exempted Florida, where Trump owns seaside property. Other states have complained too and a judge in Alaska recently blocked Trump's drilling effort for Arctic waters and areas in the Atlantic ocean.
As to whether windmills affect property values, the evidence is mixed. This was the subject of a CNN Fact Check when Trump made the claim last month, saying windmills drove property values down 65%. Trump's claim wasn't supported by the facts when he said 65% and it's supported even less now that he's upped the damage to 75%.
It's not clear who it was who told this to Trump, but there's no evidence to back it up. There are frustrations with noise from wind turbines and those have led to reports of things like insomnia and dizziness among some people who live near wind turbines. Scientific studies have not identified any human health risk.
Trump's peculiar health theories are well-documented. He's nervous about vaccines and doesn't believe in exercise, for instance.
Yes, wind turbines kill birds. Hundreds of thousands of them, according to the American Bird Conservancy. The US Fish and Wildlife Service suggests some bird death estimates on both sides are affected by bias. Killing far more birds than wind turbines are traditional power power lines. But there are also a lot more of them.
Regarding eagles, the Obama administration greatly increased the number of protected bald or golden eagles that can be killed or injured by wind turbines before wind energy companies face penalties.
If the wind stops blowing on one day, the electricity does not go off. Wind energy is fed into the power grid. People get electricity from the power grid. About 6% of total US electricity comes from wind energy, according to the Department of Energy. It's much higher in a few states -- more than 30% in Iowa and South Dakota. But it has been growing as a portion of US energy production and is expected to provide 20% of US electricity by 2030. It would not be sustainable to provide all electricity from wind power, but it is an important contributor.
By the way, the US power grid is horribly outdated and updating it from a regional set of three grids to a national one would be a massive investment but make the country much more energy efficient and stable.
The wind industry has been on a tear. The fastest-growing occupation in the US in 2017 was wind turbine technician, although it's still a small part of the economy, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. More than 105,000 Americans are employed in the wind industry across all 50 states, according to the American Wind Energy Association, a trade group. The industry is reliant on imports from "a wide array" of countries, according to the Energy Department.
According to the Energy Information Agency, US wind turbine manufacturing is dominated by three companies: General Electric, Siemens and Vestas.
But each of these has both international and domestic manufacturing facilities. Vestas, a Danish company, for instance, has a large plant in Pueblo, Colorado. GE makes turbines in China, but also in Little Rock, Arkansas, and Grand Forks, North Dakota.
Trump also bragged that the US was now the top producer of oil and natural gas in the world and said that happened over the last two years. It's true that the US recently eclipsed Russia and Saudi Arabia to become the world's top oil producer, but it capped a spurt of growth that began in 2011, according to the Energy Information Agency.
He'd clearly like to focus there. Trump's budget, which is unlikely to become law, proposed cutting federal funding for research into renewable energy at the Department of Energy by 70%.
With five active lawsuits about President Trump's financial records and tax returns, two involving whether senior advisers are immune from compelled witness testimony and one opposing the release of the unredacted Mueller report and other grand jury material, America's courts are busy adjudicating disputes that could impact the 2020 presidential election. And another consequential case could be heading to court as well: whether President Trump was impeached by votes in the US House of Representatives on December 18, 2019, for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress, or whether the matter must proceed to the Senate before he has been formally impeached.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's (D-CA) decision to wait to deliver the two Articles of Impeachment to the Senate until that body has laid out the rules for the trial has set the stage for such a potential landmark court action.
The decision to delay was influenced by the most famous constitutional law professor in America, Harvard's Laurence Tribe, who had penned an op-ed two days before the House adopted the Articles that insisted waiting to transmit them is necessary because Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) "has announced his intention to conduct not a real trial but a whitewash, letting the president and his legal team call the shots." Consequently, Tribe maintained, "under the current circumstances, such a proceeding would fail to render a meaningful verdict of acquittal."
Professor Tribe's Harvard Law School colleague Noah Feldman, who had testified before the Judiciary Committee as an expert witness that President Trump should be impeached and removed from office, responded to the decision to delay delivering the Articles of Impeachment with a bombshell op-ed of his own: Transmittal of the Articles to the Senate is part of the act of impeachment, he argued, and until that occurs the president has not been impeached.
As Feldman concisely put it, "Impeachment as contemplated by the Constitution does not consist merely of the vote by the House, but of the process of sending the articles to the Senate for trial" so the Senate can conduct a trial.
The point-counterpoint between Tribe and Feldman about how the impeachment process is supposed to work is far more than an academic debate between two Ivy League professors. It is a debate about how the most powerful person in the world — the president of the United States — is held accountable under the Constitution's venerated system of checks and balances.
The White House has reportedly considered arguing Feldman's point in the court of public opinion. President Trump also could argue it in a court of law if he decides to make either or both of the following legal claims: one, the House's refusal to transmit the Articles to the Senate is depriving the president of his constitutional right to clear his name in the Senate; and, two, the House's attempt to leverage the Senate to adopt trial procedures that the House finds acceptable (read: trial procedures that increase the probability — low though it may be — that the president will be convicted and removed from office by the Senate) violates the separation of powers because the Constitution vests the Senate with the "sole power to try all impeachments."
I suspect that many court watchers believe that the Supreme Court would consider any potential lawsuit that flows from Speaker Pelosi's decision to delay delivery of the Articles of Impeachment to be a non-justiciable political question or, in other words, a case that is so politically charged that federal courts, which are typically viewed as the apolitical branch of government, should not decide the dispute.
Indeed, the nation's highest court held in 1993, in Nixon v. United States, that the question of whether the Senate had properly tried an impeachment of federal judge Walter Nixon was a political question that could not be resolved in the courts. Nixon had been convicted in a criminal court of committing perjury before a grand jury but did not resign from office even after his incarceration.
I disagree, however, that a lawsuit by President Trump about the House's delay in transmitting the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate for trial would constitute a non-justiciable political question.
In their opinions concurring in the judgment in the Nixon case, Justices Byron White, Harry Blackmun, and David Souter wrote separately to voice their concern about foreclosing the impeachment process from judicial review. While the three Justices agreed that the Senate had done all it was constitutionally required to do during Judge Nixon's impeachment trial — namely, appoint a committee of senators to hear the evidence against Nixon and later report to the Senate as a whole for a vote on his removal from office — they made clear that "arbitrary" impeachment processes would be subject to judicial review.
If "arbitrary" impeachment processes can be reviewed and overturned by the Supreme Court, so too can partisan impeachment processes such as that to which President Trump continues to be subjected. After all, no Republican member of the House voted to impeach the president and, despite their assertions to the contrary, both Speaker Pelosi and Professor Tribe appear to be motivated by a partisan desire to weaken President Trump during the 2020 election cycle.
As Justice Souter remarked in his separate opinion in the Nixon case, if the House or the Senate "were to act in a manner seriously threatening the integrity of its results, ... say, ... upon a summary determination that an officer of the United States was simply 'a bad guy,' ... judicial interference might well be appropriate."
In President Trump's case it surely is.
President Donald Trump renewed his war on windmills Saturday when he took aim at the technology for, among other things, killing bald eagles and threatening the property values of houses near the mills.
"You know, I know windmills very much. I've studied it better than anybody I know," Trump told a gathering of young conservatives in West Palm Beach, Florida, over the weekend.
Blasting some Democrats' support for his least-favorite form of energy production, Trump claimed the process for manufacturing windmills in some countries creates air pollution for the entire planet.
"It's very expensive. They're made in China and Germany mostly -- very few made here, almost none. But they're manufactured tremendous -- if you're into this -- tremendous fumes. Gases are spewing into the atmosphere. You know we have a world, right? So the world is tiny compared to the universe," the President said at the Turning Point USA conference. "You talk about the carbon footprint -- fumes are spewing into the air. Right? Spewing. Whether it's in China, Germany, it's going into the air. It's our air, their air, everything -- right?"
Trump has complained about windmills throughout his presidency, slamming the technology everywhere from the G7 conference in France this year to a Republican fundraising dinner speech that he used to claim windmill noise causes cancer. Scientific studies have not identified any human health risk.
His hatred of windmills stretches back even further than his political career, when he spent years battling the construction of wind turbines near his golf course property in Scotland.
On Saturday, Trump argued the presence of turbines near anyone's home slashes the value of that house in half.
"So they make these things and then they put them up. And if you own a house within vision of some of these monsters, your house is worth 50% of the price," Trump claimed. "They're noisy. They kill the birds. You want to see a bird graveyard? You just go. Take a look. A bird graveyard. Go under a windmill someday. You'll see more birds than you've ever seen ever in your life."
A CNN fact check in March, however, found that while some properties can see a decrease in value when turbines are planned and constructed nearby, several major academic studies found no statistically significant decrease in the average property value due to wind turbines in the US.
The President also claimed Saturday that turbines in California are killing "many bald eagles," putting a new twist on a common claim about windmills massacring birds.
"You know, in California, they were killing the bald eagle. If you shoot a bald eagle, they want to put you in jail for 10 years. A windmill will kill many bald eagles. It's true," Trump said.
"And you know what? After a certain number, they make you turn the windmill off. That's true, by the way. This is -- they make you turn it off after you -- and yet, if you killed one they put you in jail. That's OK. But why is it OK for these windmills to destroy the bird population? And that's what they're doing."
It's true that wind turbines kill birds -- hundreds of thousands of them, according to the American Bird Conservancy and the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
Regarding eagles, the Obama administration greatly increased the number of protected bald or golden eagles that can be killed or injured by wind turbines before wind energy companies face penalties.
The US House of Representatives approved two articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump last week, but the road to a trial in the Senate and its eventual shape is still hazy. To gain more insight, CNN Opinion has been asking two prominent Washington legal experts to bat the issues back and forth in a series of email exchanges.
Michael Zeldin served as deputy independent counsel and later independent counsel in the investigation into allegations that the administration of George H. W. Bush violated the privacy rights of candidate Bill Clinton in the 1992 presidential campaign. Robert Ray served as the independent counsel from 1999 to 2002, during which he led the investigation into the Whitewater controversy.
We asked Zeldin and Ray: The House voted to impeach President Donald Trump, but Speaker Nancy Pelosi isn't sending the articles of impeachment to the Senate just yet. What are the implications of her stance and what should happen if and when the Senate gets the articles?
Article I, Section 2, Clause 5 of the US Constitution provides: The House of Representatives ... shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
In the ordinary course, after the House passes articles of impeachment, as it did this past week against President Trump, by a separate resolution it appoints a committee of Congress members to serve as managers (in essence, prosecutors on behalf of the House) in the Senate trial. Once the managers are appointed, the House formally informs the Senate that it has adopted articles of impeachment and authorizes the managers to conduct the trial in the Senate. After the Senate receives the House resolution, the Senate tells the House when the managers can present the articles of impeachment to the Senate and commence the trial.
In the case of the Trump impeachment, Speaker Nancy Pelosi has determined that until such time as the rules of the Senate trial are set, she will not authorize the appointment of House managers. This makes sense to me for two principal reasons: 1. Understanding the rules the Senate will follow allows her to designate the managers best suited to prosecute the case. (It would be legal malpractice to walk into a courtroom without knowing the court's rules). 2. Speaker Pelosi (and Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer) is correct to insist that a decision to allow for witness testimony is a prerequisite to a full and fair trial. As then-Congressman Lindsey Graham implored in 1998 in his role as a Clinton impeachment manager: "...we need witnesses, ladies and gentlemen, to clarify who said what, who's being honest, who's not, and what really did happen in this sordid tale. . .."
I hate to sound too practical about this, but the trial of an impeachment by the Senate is all about counting votes. This impeachment effort is an entirely partisan effort (as evidenced by the House vote on the two articles) that will not even garner a majority of the Senate, much less the vote of two-thirds of that body necessary for removal of the President from office.
Consequently, it is entirely proper for a Senate majority to say in answer to this partisan House endeavor that no trial is warranted unless and until there is bipartisan support for impeachment. Otherwise, as Sen. Mitch McConnell has noted already, this President or any President is subject to impeachment at the whim of an "intemperate" (Hamilton's word) majority of the House.
Frankly, I think the Senate needs to send the House a strong message that -- absent bipartisan consensus -- there will be no trial, no witnesses and no further delay of the people's business. That can be accomplished at the earliest available opportunity by granting a proper motion by the President through his counsel to dismiss the impeachment articles in the Senate. That can be accomplished by a simple vote of the Republican majority. I believe it will pass in January.
The Constitution says only that the Senate has the "sole power to try all impeachments." (Art. I, sec. 3., cl. 6). That doesn't mean that it has to exercise that power. And there's nothing in the Constitution that says otherwise.
Robert is correct that Article I, Section 3, Clause 6 of the Constitution provides: "The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two-thirds of the Members present."
He is also correct that, in certain measure, we are writing on a blank slate as there is precious little precedent that informs our opinions. That said, I believe, by implication and past precedent, a full and fair trial in the Senate is what was expected by the Framers of the Constitution and is what should occur in this case.
The words of the Constitution speak in terms of a trial ("try all impeachments") and conviction ("no person shall be convicted..."). The webpage of the US Senate, in discussing its role during impeachments, states: "The Senate sits as a High Court of Impeachment in which senators consider evidence, hear witnesses, and vote to acquit or convict the impeached official."
Finally, the Senate impeachment rules (which essentially have been in place since the impeachment of President Andrew Johnson) specifically authorize compelling witness attendance and enforcing obedience with its orders.
It is impossible for me to interpret the spirit of the Constitution consistent with Robert's suggestion that the Senate send a strong message to the House that there will be no trial, no witnesses, no further delay.
It is my view that the Senate cannot honestly fulfill its constitutional duty to reach a verdict without holding a trial with witnesses. (Indeed, both previous presidential impeachment trials have had witnesses.) To do otherwise would be to facilitate the obstruction that forms the basis for the second article of impeachment — Obstruction of Congress.
Although I would concede that the 5th and 6th Amendments to the U.S. Constitution are not directly applicable to the trial of impeachments (since impeachment proceedings are not criminal in nature), the general principles they outline are instructive here. First, consistent with the 6th Amendment, only the accused -- in this case, the President -- is entitled to a trial by jury (here, by the Senators). Thus, any argument that the House impeachment managers, Democrats, or the people generally are entitled to a trial in the Senate would not appear to be so. And, in making a motion to dismiss -- if the President or his legal team choose to pursue that course -- it is in effect, if granted, a waiver of his right to a trial. The point is that it's the President's right as the accused, not anyone else's.
It is true enough that both sides before the Senate at an impeachment trial are afforded and should expect due process, or fundamental fairness, consistent with the 5th Amendment. But that's not the same thing as saying that the prosecution of this matter by House managers requires that there be witnesses at such a trial. Again, that's a right consistent with the 6th Amendment (i.e., to confront and cross-examine witnesses against him and to subpoena witnesses in his own defense) that the accused enjoys -- one that is waivable by him and not one that is afforded, as a matter of right under the Constitution, to House impeachment managers. Of course, if a majority of the Senate votes to subpoena witnesses for the benefit of either side (or both), that's entirely permissible. It's just not constitutionally required.
What is unique about an impeachment trial in the Senate is that the Senators sit, in effect, not just as jurors but as the court itself. The Senators make the rules and then listen to the evidence according to the rules they establish for the case. While the Chief Justice presides over impeachment trials of the President, it is also true that the Supreme Court held in the impeachment trial of Judge Walter Nixon that the Senate's power to try impeachments included the non-reviewable final discretion to determine how to conduct its trials.
Given that the Senate is both judge and jury, and its actions are non-reviewable by a court, it is incumbent upon the Senate to ensure that the process is credible. Anything less would undermine the national closure that a presidential impeachment trial is designed to achieve.
Robert's notion that a timely filed motion to dismiss (if agreed to by 51 Senators even along the partisan lines Robert -- and I -- dislike) would be constitutionally permissible may be correct. But I believe that it misses the broader purpose that the framers had in mind when establishing the impeachment structure.
"America's Founders provided for removing public officials... when their misconduct threatens constitutional government, betrays the public trust, or otherwise renders them unfit to continue in office," as Thomas Jipping and Hans von Spakovsky write in The Heritage Foundation publication, "The Impeachment Process: The Constitution and Historical Practice."
An impeachment, therefore, must be seen as a solemn undertaking that requires a deliberative process not accomplished by Robert's suggestion that the Senate move to dismiss the charges at the outset. Perhaps Lindsey Graham articulated it best in his 1998 role as a Clinton impeachment manager when he said: "All I ask of the Senate is to take your oath, listen to the evidence in some way that will withstand historical scrutiny, that you'll have a record that will justify any decision you make... [and] that whatever decision was made be based on evidence and the law."
Nothing less is required here.
I take your point, Michael, in citing Lindsey Graham's comments regarding the Clinton impeachment, that ultimately the result in the Senate will withstand historical scrutiny only if it is deemed to have been in the best interests of the country. There's simply a disagreement between us (and in the country at large) about what and how that result is to be achieved.
My own sense is that lowering the bar for impeachment in the House without bipartisan support and with articles that do not allege crimes warrant a partisan rejoinder in the Senate to put a stop to this endeavor at the earliest available opportunity. I remain convinced that the best credible course in dealing with and evaluating the President's conduct is still the impending 2020 election.
President Donald Trump kicked off his holiday week with a speech at the Turning Point USA Student Action Summit in Florida on Saturday. Speaking to the crowd of young conservatives, the President touted his knowledge of wind power and turbines, saying "I know windmills very much. I've studied it better than anybody I know." However, several of his claims were false or misleading.
Here's a breakdown of five things Trump got wrong about wind turbines.
Trump referred to wind turbines as "a bird graveyard" telling the crowd that if they "go under a windmill someday, you'll see more birds than you've ever seen ever in your life."
Research suggests that while wind power does contribute to bird deaths, more birds are killed by cats or other types of power plants.
According to the US Fish and Wildlife Service, collisions with turbines kills between 140,000 and 500,000 birds annually. Other energy sources, such as coal, oil and power lines, contribute to millions of bird deaths. However, cats remain the biggest threat to birds, killing an estimated 1.3 to 4 billion birds each year.
Trump was adamant that several of his claims about birds and wind turbines were true, saying that "a windmill will kill many bald eagles. It's true. And you know what? After a certain number, they make you turn the windmill off. That's true, by the way."
Facts First: It's misleading to claim that after a certain amount of eagles die, the government makes wind farms "turn the windmill off." However, there is a limit of incidental eagle deaths the wind farms are expected to remain within.
Since 2017, wind farms have been able to apply for an up to 30-year permit that exempts them from prosecution for up to 4,200 eagles killed as a result of the wind turbines. These permits are subject to a five-year review by a third party and require wind facilities to report how many eagles they kill. However, exceeding this limit does not result in a fine or require the facility to shut down its turbines.
Concurrently, the Fish and Wildlife Service does have an Eagle Conservation Plan which suggests "seasonal, daily or mid-day shut downs" as an advanced conservation practice that project developers could be asked to implement if the amount of post-construction fatalities reaches a concerning level, but this is not a requirement under existing regulations.
Trump claimed that wind turbines leave a large carbon footprint, specifically that the manufacturing of wind turbines results in "tremendous amount of fumes and everything."
Facts First: Wind power has the smallest carbon footprint compared to other energy sources, according to the Department of Energy. A 2014 study additionally found that after operating for five to eight months, the average wind turbine will have offset the energy expended during its manufacturing.
The same study noted that "wind turbines produce energy with virtually no emissions." According to the Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory, coal-powered electricity releases about 20 times more greenhouse gas per kilowatt-hour than wind.
"You know what they don't tell you about windmills?" Trump told the crowd, "After 10 years, they look like hell. You know, they start to get tired, old. You got to replace them. A lot of times, people don't replace them. They need massive subsidy from the government in order to make it."
Facts First: The government does not provide subsidies for wind turbine repair or replacement. Though wind farms receive a tax credit if they produce a certain amount of energy within their first decade, this subsidy will be phased out by 2020. Furthermore, the average lifespan of a wind turbine is 20-25 years, not 10.
Trump claimed, "If you own a house within vision of some of these monsters, your house is worth 50% of the price."
Facts First: This is not the first time Trump has claimed proximity to a wind turbine impacts property values. However, several major academic studies found no statistically significant decrease in the average property value due to wind turbines in the US.
While some properties may see a decrease in value when turbines are constructed nearby, a 2016 study that analyzed home sales within 10 miles of wind turbines and over 15 years in one state found "no unique impact on the rate of home sales near wind turbines."
Ben Hoen, one of the authors of the study and a researcher at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, told CNN that the study also found a "majority of those living within a half a mile (from wind turbines) do not believe their property value has been inversely impacted."
You can read a longer fact-check here.
Man, what a decade!
What's that? it's only been a year???
Over the past year, President Donald Trump has talked and talked and talked. He has talked at photo ops at the White House. He has talked at impromptu press conferences while abroad. He has talked at campaign event after campaign event.
And I have watched or read it all -- poring over the transcripts to find the most, um, notable quotes. Below, we've gathered the best of the best -- or worst of the worst, depending on your point of view -- lines of 2019.
Enjoy!
I could be the most popular person in Europe. I could be -- I could run for any office if I wanted to, but I don't want to. January 2 (Cabinet Meeting)
The President celebrated the new year with a 90+ minute Cabinet meeting -- and cameras were rolling the entire time. He answered question after question as his Cabinet sat silently.
President Obama fired him and, essentially, so did I. I want results. January 2 (Cabinet Meeting)
Trump is talking about former Defense Secretary James Mattis, who resigned in protest in the wake of Trump's decision to pull US troops out Syria. Trump didn't essentially fire him. At all.
We're talking about sand and death. That's what we're talking about. January 2 (Cabinet Meeting)
The President of the United States offers his thoughts on Syria.
I had a meeting at the Pentagon with lots of generals -- they were like from a movie, better looking than Tom Cruise and stronger -- and I had more generals than I've ever seen. January 2 (Cabinet Meeting)
This is so revealing. All of life is a casting call for Trump. These generals were good because they were good looking and strong. Even more than Tom Cruise!
I said, this is the greatest room I've ever seen. I -- I saw more computer boards than, I think, that they make today. January 2 (Cabinet Meeting)
Computer boards.
I'm a professional at technology. January 10 (South Lawn)
Computer boards.
When during the campaign I would say, 'Mexico's going to pay for it,' obviously I never said this and I never meant they're going to write out a check. January 10 (South Lawn)
This is a clear-as-day attempt to rewrite history by Trump during an impromptu news conference on his way to the southern border. He repeatedly said that Mexico would need to make a distinct $5 billion or $10 billion payment to the United States for the wall. And when he asked crowds at his rallies in 2016 who was going to pay for the wall, they shouted back Mexico! not Mexico by way of theoretical gains we will make as a result of a restructured international trade deal! I mean, come on.
The buck stops with everybody. January 10 (South Lawn)
Is that how that goes? The buck stops with everybody? (Remember: Trump hardly ever takes the blame for anything -- especially the things that are his fault.)
Well, I haven't actually left the White House in months. January 15 (Jeanine Pirro interview)
He had, actually. Lots of times. Hell, he was in McAllen, Texas, two days before he said this.
I would, I don't with care. I mean, I had a conversation like every president does. You sit with the president of various countries. I do it with all countries. January 15 (Pirro interview)
Pirro asks Trump here whether he would be willing to release the conversation that you had with President (Vladimir) Putin in Helsinki. Here's the thing: He can't do that because, per The Washington Post, there is no detailed record, even in classified files, of Trump's face-to-face interactions with the Russian leader at five locations over the past two years.
I was obviously a good candidate. I won every debate. I won everything I did, and I won, and I won easily.
When Trump said this, the 2016 election had ended 797 days ago.
I guess they're well over 30 million dollars now on this Russian collusion hoax, and everybody knows it's a hoax. They've spent all this money. Nothing. No phone calls, no meetings, no nothing. January 31 (Daily Caller interview)
Trump was not that far off-base on the price tag -- $25 million had been spent at this point on special counsel Robert Mueller's probe since it began in May 2017. Where he REALLY missed the fact boat was in claiming that the Mueller probe had produced zero tangible results. To date when Trump said this, the investigation had produced 199 criminal counts against 37 people and entities. Seven people had pleaded guilty and four had been sentenced to prison. One -- Paul Manafort -- had been convicted by a jury of his peers. That's not nothing.
I ran a great campaign. I ran a campaign that now they say was better than that gentleman's [Andrew Jackson's] campaign in the 1800s and we did a great job. January 30 (Daily Caller interview)
They say that, do they? (For more on Andrew Jackson's campaigns, read this!)
I hope that she's healthy, I hope she's happy, and I hope she lives for a long time. January 30 (Daily Caller interview)
Trump's response here to a question on Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg following her illness was -- dare I say it -- presidential.
The world is not doing well and we're going great. January 30 (Daily Caller interview)
Trump on the global situation: America :) Rest of world :(
It looks like Elizabeth Warren has not caught on like they thought she would. She fell into a trap. It's called the Pocahontas trap. January 30 (Daily Caller interview)
The Pocahontas Trap? Is that a Disney flick?
My intelligence people, if they said in fact that Iran is a wonderful kindergarten, I disagree with them a hundred percent. February 3 (Super Bowl interview)
In this quote from Trump's interview on CBS News before this year's Super Bowl, Trump questioned his intelligence community's assessment of Iran. Worth nothing: His intelligence people didn't say Iran was a kindergarten, they simply said they believed the country to be in compliance with the nuclear deal Trump pulled out of in May 2018.
And a lot of people, including me, thought soccer would probably never make it in this country, but it really is moving forward rapidly. February 3 (Super Bowl interview)
Paging @MeninBlazers!!!! This was part of Trump's answer to whether he would allow his son, Barron, to play football.
Roger is somebody that I've always liked, but a lot of people like Roger. Some people probably don't like Roger, but Roger Stone's somebody I've always liked. February 3 (Super Bowl interview)
Roger is a stone-cold loser. -- Donald Trump in 2008
Even the Mueller report said it had nothing to do with the campaign. February 3 ( Super Bowl interview)
The Mueller report hadn't come out yet.
What a location. I'm in the real estate business, what a location. February 3 (Super Bowl interview)
Donald Trump on North Korea. Yup!
I love this state, and I love the people of this state. We've had a great romance together. You know that. Been a great romance. February 11 (El Paso rally)
Donald Trump and Texas sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g. First comes love then comes ... ah, you know the rest.
This is like the Academy Awards used to be. Used to be. They've gone down a long ways since they started hitting us a little bit, right? February 11 (El Paso)
There's so much here. First, Trump was comparing his rally to the Academy Awards because of the amount of press that was covering it. (But I thought he hated the media?) Then he's saying that the Oscars, like everything else, aren't as good as they used to be. And finally, he is attributing the decline of the Oscars to the fact that some of the actors have taken shots at him. He truly contains multitudes.
So, someday, with all of us -- this is all of us -- and those hats are beautiful, by the way. Someday. February 11 (El Paso)
This an unedited sentence from the President of the United States. Someday.
Where do these people come from? Where do they come from? They go back home to Mommy. They get punished when they get home. February 11 (El Paso)
When a protester interrupts a speech, that's when Trump's real bullying tendencies emerge.
Is there any place that's more fun to be than a Trump rally? Is there any place? February 11 (El Paso)
Remember: Trump views himself as an entertainer first and everything else second. So his measure of success is whether people are having fun.
But I really don't like their policy of taking away your car, of taking away your airplane flights, of, 'Let's hop a train to California,' of ... 'You're not allowed to own cows anymore.' February 11 (El Paso)
The Green New Deal to which Trump is referring had been introduced into Congress the week before by, among others, New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. You can bet Trump is going to keep making it a major talking point in his effort to paint Democrats as totally out of touch with the average person in 2020.
The fact is that the real collusion was between Hillary and the Democrats and the other side with Russia. That's where the collusion is. February 11 (El Paso)
Trump says this a lot. It's based on a theory that the entire Mueller probe began because of an anti-Trump dossier produced by former British spy Christopher Steele and funded by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign. But we know for a fact that's not why the probe started; it started because George Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat in Britain that he knew the Russians had dirt on Clinton. Read more about all of it here.
Some of the most dishonest people in media are the so-called 'fact-checkers.' February 11 (El Paso)
Oh, that is rich. Important note: Donald Trump made over 8,000 false or misleading claims in his first two years in office, according to The Washington Post's Fact Checker. By October 2019, that number had risen to 13,435.
Pretty soon we're going to be saying keep America great. Keep America great. February 11 (El Paso)
Trump has already said, repeatedly, that Keep America Great is his preferred 2020 slogan. Also, he's been running for a second term since the day he won in 2016.
How about the word 'caravan?' Caravan? I think that was one of mine. February 11 (El Paso)
In which Donald Trump claims to have invented the word caravan.
By the way, there is nothing better than a good old-fashioned German shepherd. February 11 (El Paso)
Yup. He said this.
I wouldn't mind having one, honestly, but I don't have any time. I don't have -- how would I look walking a dog on the White House lawn? February 11 (El Paso)
Words fail.
Yeah, Obama had a dog. You're right. Both parties should come together to finally create a safe and lawful system of immigration. February 11 (El Paso)
This is not edited. He really said these sentences back-to-back.
We're going to do it one way or the other. We have to do it -- not because it was a campaign promise, which it is. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
So, the President was declaring a national emergency on the southern US border because we have to do it, not because he said we had to do it on the campaign trail. But ask yourself this: If it was such an emergency, why did Trump wait more than two years into his term to declare it one?
They say walls don't work. Walls work 100%. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
No one has ever penetrated a wall. Can't happen. It's 1,000 feet high and made of sheer ice! Wait...
I was a little new to the job, a little new to the profession, and we had a little disappointment for the first year and a half. People that should have stepped up did not step up. They didn't step up, and they should have. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
Important thing to always remember about Trump: Nothing is ever his fault. He is always the undeserving victim of other peoples' malice, incompetence or both.
Go ahead, ABC -- not NBC. I like ABC a little bit more, not much. Come on, ABC -- not much, pretty close. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
(Trump while taking questions). ABC > NBC. But, IT'S CLOSE!
But, you know, I never did politics before. Now I do politics. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
Now I do politics. -- The President of the United States
I believe he would have gone to war with North Korea. I think he was ready to go to war. In fact, he told me he was so close to starting a big war with North Korea. February 15 (Emergency wall declaration)
Wait, so former President Barack Obama told Trump he was planning a big war against North Korea? Interesting! I am sure that conversation happened exactly as Trump said it did!
[Trump comes out on stage, claps, and then bear-hugs an American flag] March 2 (CPAC)
Not a line, but this happened during Trump's two-hour-long speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
But I found some very old laws from when our country was rich -- really rich. The old tariff laws -- we had to dust them off; you could hardly see, they were so dusty. March 2 (CPAC)
Ah, those rich -- and dusty -- days. Man, they were great. Tough on the allergies. But great.
You know I'm totally off-script right now. And this is how I got elected, by being off-script. True. March 2 (CPAC)
It IS true. Voters seemed to believe that Trump's often rambling, hard-to-understand speeches.
When the wind stops blowing, that's the end of your electric. Let's hurry up. 'Darling' -- 'Darling, is the wind blowing today? I'd like to watch television, darling.' March 2 (CPAC)
When the wind stop blowing, that's the end of your electric. -- The President of the United States. (Also, Trump is mocking the Green New Deal here.)
I won't use a certain words because it's not politically -- but everybody knows the word I'd love to use. Should I use it? I won't do it. March 2 (CPAC)
Trump has even turned his infamous love for cursing into some sort of anti-elites mantra. Amazing.
If you tell a joke, if you're sarcastic, if you're having fun with the audience, if you're on live television with millions of people and 25,000 people in an arena, and if you say something like, 'Russia, please, if you can, get us Hillary Clinton's emails. Please, Russia, please.' March 2 (CPAC)
HA HA HA ... oh wait, on the same day Trump jokingly asked the Russians to get Hillary Clinton's deleted emails, the Russians began a cybercampaign to get Hillary Clinton's deleted emails.
And unfortunately, you put the wrong people in a couple of positions, and they leave people for a long time that shouldn't be there. And, all of a sudden, they're trying to take you out with bullshit. OK? With bullshit. March 2 (CPAC)
I assume Trump is referring to then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions recusing himself from the Russia probe. Or maybe former FBI Director James Comey for launching the probe. Or deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for forming a special counsel to look into it. Maybe all of the above. Either way: It's total bullshit!
I have one of the great inventions in history. It's called TiVo. I think it's actually better than television, because television is practically useless without TiVo, right? March 2 (CPAC)
Agreed. How else does anyone watch Succession? (Also, Trump may have gotten a *little* off-topic during his CPAC speech.)
Number one, I'm in love, and you're in love. We're all in love together. March 2 (CPAC)
Trump is talking about why he is speaking for so long and so far off-script. It's because of love, obviously.
I have pretty good vision. At least for my age, I have good vision. I guess for my age, I have great vision. March 2 (CPAC)
From good to great in two sentences: The life of Donald Trump.
And I said, 'Bring the cameras. I'm going to make a movie. This is the most incredible thing.' March 2 (CPAC)
Trump was in Iraq to meet with generals. His first thought? Bring in the cameras. Let's make a movie.
I did 32 big, fat rallies. And those rallies brought us to a tremendous Senate victory so that we can continue onward with our judges and our approvals. March 2 (CPAC)
So, Trump is saying he deserves credit for the 2018 midterm election! The same 2018 election in which Republicans suffered a near-total loss: Democrats made a net gain of 39 seats in the House, picked up 7 governor's mansions and hundreds of seats in state legislatures across the country.
Republicans DID win the Senate, and those 32 big, fat rallies probably helped -- but with 26 Democratic seats up for reelection and only nine for Republicans, the 2018 Senate map was one that Republicans should have capitalized on -- not just survived.
By the way, I'm watching those doors. Not one person has left, and I've been up here a long time. ... But not one person. So if you hear tomorrow, when they read 'people left' -- nobody left early. There hasn't been one person that's left. March 2 (CPAC)
He is totally and completely obsessed with crowds. And crowds staying. And loving him. This feels like a good place to end the CPAC portion of our tour.
When you mentioned Rush or Mark -- Mark Levin, or Steve Doocy, and Ainsley in the morning, and Brian and Laura, Jesse, Jeanine -- I hope Jeanine's back soon. March 27 (Sean Hannity call)
An unintentionally revealing moment in which Trump lists a slew of (mainly) Fox News hosts and refers to them by their first names. Which proves just how much TV -- and Fox in particular -- he watches. Also, Jeanine Pirro, who Trump hopes is back soon had been suspended for questioning the patriotism of Minnesota Rep. Ilhan Omar (D), who is Muslim.
Nobody has been tougher, nobody, on Russia than me. And everybody -- my enemies say that, when they are reasonable enemies, when they are fair. March 27 (Sean Hannity call)
Not true! (Also, Trump non-sequitur-ed to this Russia line DIRECTLY after praising a bunch of Fox News people. The mind works in mysterious ways!
Look at the fact that we would have been powered by wind, which wouldn't have worked, by the way, because it only blows sometimes, and lots of problems come about. March 27 (Sean Hannity call)
So, if Trump wasn't president, we would be running on wind power right now? Also, he's right -- the wind does only blow sometimes.
Hillary wouldn't let you drill, there would be no oil, there would be no gas, there wouldn't be anything to compete. March 27 (Sean Hannity call)
So, if Hillary Clinton was president right now, we'd have no oil or gas. Just wind. And you know the wind only blows sometimes.
Can you imagine? Sleepy Joe? Crazy Bernie. April 27 (Green Bay rally)
Why did Trump suddenly out of nowhere start talking about his potential 2020 opponents? Oh, I have no idea. But the crowd LOVED it.
I think Pocahontas, she's finished, she's out. She's gone. No, when it was found that I had more Indian blood in me than she did. April 27 (Green Bay rally)
Trump is referring to Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren with this taunt. And, yes, the crowd LOVED it.
But can you imagine any of these people up here doing what I'm doing? They'd be 200 people show up if they were president. If they were president, nobody would show up. April 27 (Green Bay rally)
It's fascinating that Trump understands the job of being president as getting lots of people to show up to rallies.
The USMCA, like the song 'YMCA,' right? April 27 (Green Bay rally)
Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States! Whether on The Apprentice or pushing his NAFTA replacement, you have to admit Trump has a flair for salesmanship.
Can you believe I'm a politician? I can't even. April 27 (Green Bay rally)
Honestly, same.
In Michigan, they gave me an award six years, seven years ago, I had no idea. It was the Man of the Year in Michigan. April 27 (Green Bay rally)
There's no evidence Trump was ever named Man of the Year in Michigan.
I have to tell you, that runway is like an ice-skating rink. And the first step I said, you know this sucker is slippery. I think it was put in by the Democrats. I don't know, whoever the hell got that thing. May 8 (Panama City rally)
He's talking about the ramp up to the stage. Must have been put in by the Democrats.
You got hit with a little hurricane called Michael. That was not a nice hurricane, I can tell you that, but it's going well and I'm thrilled to be here with really truly incredible men and women of the Florida panhandle. May 8 (Panama City rally)
You got hammered with a hurricane. But that's over now. And I am here now. Like, that's literally what he is saying here.
And I think that the people of Puerto Rico are very grateful to Donald Trump for what we've done for them. May 8 (Panama City rally)
That's Puerto Rico and they don't like me. -- Donald Trump, literally 10 seconds before he said this.
They call themselves 'the elite.' Did you ever see the elite? This is the elite. They're not elite. You're elite. May 8 (Panama City rally)
This is a classic Trump pitch -- and it's at the core of his appeal: Trump and other regular people are in a cultural war against elites in government, media and everywhere else.
What's that? You're right! It is strange that a billionaire who never lived outside of New York City before he moved to the White House has successfully become the voice of the common man.
I say, 'You have better houses. So do I. You have better boats. You have better every -- you have better everything. You're smarter.' You know? I say, 'No, we're the elite.' So let's let them be the elite, but we're the super-elite. May 8 (Panama City rally)
The super elite: The elite, but with bigger houses. And boats.
We have a young man, Buttigieg -- Boot-edge-edge. They say, 'Edge-edge.' He's got a great chance, doesn't he? He'll be great. He'll be great. Representing us against President Xi of China. That'll be great. That'll be great. I want to be in that room. I want to watch that one. May 8 (Panama City rally)
Remember that Trump's natural state is as a bully. it's where he's best and most comfortable.
The report comes back. It's perfect. It's beautiful. There's no collusion. Nobody even talks about collusion. May 8 (Panama City rally)
The Mueller Report, which was released on April 18, did not establish collusion or coordination between Trump's campaign and the Russians. But it also made clear that there were a number of instances in which Trump looked to have engaged in obstructive behavior. So...
They want to knock down all buildings in Manhattan and rebuild them without windows. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
Um no, they don't. What New York City has proposed is retrofitting buildings of 25,000 square feet or more to make them more energy efficient.
Our country is full. We don't want people coming up here. Our country is full. We want Mexico to stop. We want all of them to stop. Our country is packed to the gills. We don't want them coming up. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
This probably goes without saying but: Our country is not full (and it's not even clear what that would look like). Also: There's a very big difference between saying that we don't want any more immigrants to this country and saying we can't fit any more immigrants in this country.
What's going on with Fox by the way? What's going on there? They're putting more Democrats on than you have Republicans. There's strange is going on at Fox. Something every strange. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
By strange Trump means Fox isn't kowtowing to me and my policies at all times. (For more on the Trump-Fox News tension, watch this.)
They were spying on our campaign. I'll tell you what, if that ever happened to the other side this thing would have been over two years ago and you know it would have been treason. They would have called it treason and that's what it is. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
Trump is referring to the surveillance of a former aide -- Carter Page -- as part of the FBI's counterintelligence probe into possible Russian interference in the 2016 election. And this spying was totally lawful -- approved by a FISA court and re-approved three times. Just saying.
I had such an easy life. People say, I had such an easy life. Who the hell knew it was going to be this difficult, but I love it. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
Wait, being president is hard? I had never thought of that!
And don't forget Biden deserted you. He's not from Pennsylvania. I guess he was born here, but he left you folks. He left you for another state. May 20 (Pennsylvania rally)
Biden left his home state of Pennsylvania when he was 10 years old! Not really sure that counts as having deserted the people of Pennsylvania, though.
And I said: 'Well, I didn't know she was nasty.' I wasn't referring to she's nasty. I said she was nasty about me. June 4 (Piers Morgan interview)
This is Trump trying to clear up a comment he made about the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle. Informed of Markle's past comments about him by The Sun, Trump said this: I didn't know that. What can I say? I didn't know that she was nasty. What Trump is trying to say is that he meant what Markle said about him was nasty but that she herself wasn't (or isn't) nasty. Got it? That's one of us.
In London you have stabbings all over. I read an article where everybody's being stabbed. They said your hospital is a sea of blood all over the floors. June 4 (Piers Morgan interview)
Totally responsible rhetoric here from the President of the United States! Very normal! (Side note: I couldn't find the article Trump read that said everybody's being stabbed.)
Here's the thing. I'm not even sure -- first of all, I didn't know anything about it, but I'm not even sure it happened. June 4 (Piers Morgan interview)
Trump is talking here about the request made by someone in the White House military office to have the USS John S. McCain moved out of the President's sight during his recent visit to Japan. He's not even sure it happened which is weird because the Navy released a statement over the weekend saying this: A request was made to the US Navy to minimize the visibility of USS John S. McCain, however, all ships remained in their normal configuration during the President's visit.
I think I can say I really got to know her because I sat with her many times. And we had automatic chemistry. You understand that feeling. June 6 (Ingraham interview in Normandy)
Trump kicked off the interview by touting his automatic chemistry with Queen Elizabeth II. Which, maybe?!
This is one of the true, in terms of war, in terms of, probably you can also say, in terms of peace, because this led to something very special. June 6 (Ingraham interview in Normandy)
A real, unedited sentence from the President of the United States.
I think [Pelosi is] a disgrace. I actually don't think she's a talented person. I've tried to be nice to her because I would have liked to have gotten some deals done. She's incapable of doing deals. She's a nasty, vindictive, horrible person. June 6 (Ingraham interview in Normandy)
... said the President of the United States about the speaker of the US House while in a foreign country -- and with thousands of grave markers in the background of his TV shot.
We have Pelosi, we have Crying Chuck Schumer, who's a disaster, by the way. He's a total political, you know, jerk. June 6 (Ingraham interview in Normandy)
If I made any statement about anybody it would be like a big headline, why would he do that when he's overseas? -- Donald Trump, literally two minutes before saying this.
There are those that say they have never seen the Queen have a better time, a more animated time. June 6 (Ingraham interview in Normandy)
In which Trump suggests that the Queen of England has never had a better time -- ever -- than she did hanging out with him over the past few days.
Now, people haven't used tariffs, but tariffs are a beautiful thing when you're the piggy bank, when you have all the money. June 10 (CNBC phone call)
In sum: Tariffs are beautiful. But only when you are a piggy bank. And have all the money.
We are not fools anymore. We are not the foolish country that does so badly. June 10 (CNBC phone call)
Trump 2020 slogan: Won't get fooled again!
This country is allowing this French wine which is great, we have great wine, too, allowing it to come in for nothing. It is not fair. And you know what, it's not fair. We'll do something about it. June 10 (CNBC phone call)
French wine is great.
We are -- if you look at China, China, as great as they are and they are great, they are near the capability of our geniuses in Silicon Valley that walk around in undershirts and they were not $2 billion a piece. June 10 (CNBC phone call)
Wait, people walk around in $2 billion undershirts? Or they don't? Either way -- our geniuses are better than China's geniuses, I guess?
I mean, look, Joe never got more than 1%, except Obama took him off the trash heap, and now it looks like he's failing. June 11 (South Lawn)
Be best.
I have to tell you, he's a different guy. He looks different than he used to. He acts different than he used to. He's even slower than he used to be. June 11 (South Lawn)
That dog whistle you hear is the President of the United States trying to put questions about Biden's age's (he was 76) and health into peoples' minds during an impromptu press conference.
The crime was by the Democrats, folks. They've committed, in my opinion, many crimes. June 11 (South Lawn)
In any normal presidency, this would be a news story for a week. The President of the United States accusing the opposition party of committing many crimes!??! Without evidence, to boot! But because Trump says things like this -- again, with zero evidence -- all the time, it barely causes a ripple.
I think [Biden is] the weakest, mentally. And I like running against people that are weak, mentally. June 11 (South Lawn)
[dog whistle]
The farmers are my best friend. June 11 (South Lawn)
So, Trump says the farmers are his best friend. But do the farmers say the same about him? Or do they have, like, another, other best friend Trump doesn't even know about? On a related note: We can all agree the farmer and the cowman should be friends.
But I just received a beautiful letter from Kim Jong Un. I can't show you the letter, obviously, but it was a very personal, very warm, very nice letter. June 11 (South Lawn)
Me in 8th grade: I DO SO have a girlfriend. She's a model and she totally loves me. You can't meet her. She lives in Montana. She writes me every day. But the letters are private.
It was Jackie O., and that's good, but we have our own Jackie O. today. It's called Melania. We'll call it Melania T. June 14 (Fox & Friends)
Melania T. has a nice ring to it! Trump was talking, by the way, about his decision to redo Air Force One because he didn't like the baby blue color picked by First Lady Jackie Kennedy.
He said this during a rambling 50-minute phone call with Fox & Friends on the morning of his 73rd birthday. Runner-up best line from that interview? I don't have time to celebrate.
I just was given a meeting with my pollster who -- I, frankly, don't even believe in pollsters, if you want to know the truth. You just run a campaign and whatever it is, it is. June 16 (ABC George Stephanopoulos interview)
Follow this logic: Trump just came from a meeting with his pollster but he doesn't even believe in pollsters. So -- how, why, uh, what? Also, does anyone else remember that Trump would start almost every campaign rally during the 2016 primary by going through the most recent polls where he was ahead? Yeah, me too.
But I just had a meeting with somebody that's a pollster, and I'm winning everywhere. June 16 (ABC interview)
OK. So, Point 1: Trump doesn't believe in pollsters. Point 2: He just met with a pollster and he is winning everywhere. THIS ALL MAKES SENSE TO ME!!!!
I don't -- there's nothing wrong with listening. If somebody called from a country, Norway, 'We have information on your opponent,' oh, I think I'd want to hear it. June 16 (ABC interview)
Truly stunning stuff here. What Trump, who is, reminder, the President of the United States, seems to fail to grasp is that a foreign county would almost certainly have a motive for passing along negative information about Trump's opponent.
Think back to what we know about Russian interference in the 2016 election. They sought to interfere to help Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton because they thought Trump would be better for their interests. Trump's blindness -- willful or otherwise -- that other countries would pass along this information as part of an attempt to manipulate an American election to produce their desired results is scary -- especially when you consider that we have another national election coming.
People don't understand tariffs, but I understand them. And I also understand the power of tariffs. June 16 (ABC interview)
This is not how tariffs work: A fact check of Trump's misinformation on trade (among other things)
I put one out this morning. And as soon as I pressed the button, they said, 'We have breaking news.' Every network, every station. 'We have breaking news.' They read my tweet. Why is that bad? June 16 (ABC interview)
This explanation is the best one I've seen about why Trump uses Twitter so much. He loves to be able to drive news cycles -- even if the news cycle is unfavorable to him. The power to do it is intoxicating to him -- someone who spent his whole life trying to get coverage for himself from what he believed to be a biased media. Now, he can make the news with a single tweet. And he loves it.
Nobody's ever been treated badly like me. June 16 (ABC interview)
Nobody? Ever? [Consults first page of any history book ever.]
Although they do say Abraham Lincoln was treated really badly. I must say that's the one. If you can believe it, Abraham Lincoln was treated supposedly very badly. June 16 (ABC interview)
This is accurate -- especially if your definition of treated supposedly very badly is was assassinated.
George, the report said no collusion. June 16 (ABC interview)
From the report: We understood coordination to require an agreement -- tacit or express -- between the Trump Campaign and the Russian government on election interference. That requires more than the two parties taking actions that were informed by or responsive to the other's actions or interests. We applied the term coordination in that sense when stating in the report that the investigation did not establish that the Trump Campaign coordinated with the Russian government in its election interference activities.
When you will see my financial statement, at some point I assume it's going to be released, you'll be very impressed by the job I've done. Much, much bigger, much, much better than anybody. June 16 (ABC interview)
Remember: Trump is the only post-Watergate president not to release a single page of his past tax returns.
If you're going to cough, please leave the room. You just can't, you just can't cough. Boy, oh boy. OK, do you want to do that a little differently than uhh- June 16 (ABC interview)
White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney coughed during Trump's answer about his fantastic financial statement. Two thoughts: 1) Trump is a noted germophobe and 2) He is effectively trying to executive produce ABC's interview of him.
I think that Kim Jong Un -- and you've heard many bad things about him, but you've heard from me different things. June 16 (ABC interview)
This seems to suggest that Trump doesn't believe Kim is a bad guy -- and that many of the reports of the atrocities by Kim are, uh, fake news?
[Kim] could have almost an instantaneously wealthy behemoth. June 16 (ABC interview)
My college jazz fusion band was named Instantaneously Wealthy Behemoth.
One person has a higher percentage than your favorite president, Donald Trump. Do you know who that president is? He's got a higher percentage than me and it's devastating. His name is George Washington. June 18 (Trump Orlando kickoff rally)
First, Trump is saying his record of appointing federal judges is behind only that of America's first president. Second: Your favorite president, Donald Trump.
Our political opponents look down with hatred on our values and with utter disdain for the people whose lives they want to run. That's the way they've been doing it. June 18 (Trump Orlando kickoff rally)
If you are looking for an encapsulation of why Trump won in 2016 -- and why he could win again in 2020 -- this is it. This is Trump at his anti-elite, populist best -- railing against a system that he argues hates and disdains the average person.
A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism, and the destruction of the American dream. June 18 (Trump Orlando kickoff rally)
Pretty low-stakes then, right?
We will lay the foundation for landing American astronauts on the surface of Mars. June 18 (Trump Orlando kickoff rally)
Like I just said: Mars Awaits!
Well, it was a very nice letter, and it was actually a happy birthday letter if you want to know the truth, it was my birthday. And he sent me a beautiful letter, happy birthday, which was nice. June 24 (The Hill interview)
North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un is no dummy. He knows that the way to Trump's heart is through flattery and obsequiousness. Hence, a beautiful birthday card.
But there is something going on in that brain of his. June 24 (The Hill interview)
Zero subtlety from Trump here when it comes to suggesting that Biden has something wrong with him.
I took over Obama's policy. It was a policy of separation. I'm the one that put them together. June 24 (The Hill interview)
OK, so here's what is happening: Trump is asked about the deplorable conditions for children in some of the detention facilities along the border. He quickly blamed former President Barack Obama and then pivoted to his stump speech about the lowest unemployment rates for lots of minority groups. Empathy, thy name is not Donald Trump.
I'll say it with great respect, No. 1, she's not my type. June 24 (The Hill interview)
Of all the offensive and out-of-touch things Trump has said since he became a candidate for president in 2015, this has to be in the top five. Trump was responding to allegations made by advice columnist E. Jean Carroll that he raped her in a dressing room at Bergdorf's in the late 1990s. Trump has denied the incident occurred, saying he never met this person. What the President is saying in this quote is that he would never rape someone like her because she isn't his type. Sit with that for a minute.
You fly over and you say, 'Does it ever stop?' It's big. It's beautiful. It's clean. July 1 (Japan press conference)
Japan: It's nonstop. It's big. It's beautiful. And clean! This is the stuff of travel brochures (do those even exist anymore?)
I think Canada is happy, but they're not happy like we're happy, but they're very happy. July 1 (Japan press conference)
Canada: Not happy like the US is happy has potential as a future slogan for our neighbors to the north. Trump said this during a press conference in Osaka, Japan, on Canada Day.
So we spend a lot of time with a lot of countries. We do business with a lot of them. Australia is an example. July 1 (Japan press conference)
Richard Gere's a real hero of mine. Sting. Sting would be another person who's a hero. The music he's created over the years, I don't really listen to it, but the fact that he's making it, I respect that. -- Hansel
Okay, Jimmy Carter -- look, he was a nice man. He was a terrible president. July 1 (Japan press conference)
Modern day presidential.
We have the cleanest water we've ever had. We have the cleanest air. You saw the reports come out recently. We have the cleanest air we've ever had. July 1 (Japan press conference)
[narrator voice] We don't.
You have a lot of strategies. I have five different strategies. I could change any moment. July 1 (Japan press conference)
Same.
We can have a lot of fun tonight. I have nothing to do. Nothing. Nothing. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
... one of the most powerful world leaders said this at the outset of a campaign rally in North Carolina.
That was one hell of a night. I think it was maybe, you know, there are those that say one of the most extraordinary and exciting evenings in the history of television and the history of anything. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
Donald Trump on his election night: One of the most extraordinary and exciting evenings in the history of television and the history of anything. The history of anything!!
But Cortez, somebody said that's not her name, it's -- they said, 'That's not her name, sir.' I said, 'No, no. I don't have time to go with three different names. We'll call her Cortez. Too much time, takes too much time.' July 17 (North Carolina rally)
The New York congresswoman's full name is Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. I don't know why Trump is shortening it to just Cortez in front of his most rabid supporters. What could it be??? (Cough.)
That's why I say, hey, if they don't like it, let them leave. Let them leave. Let them leave. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
To be clear: This is NOT the original message that Trump had for Omar, Pressley, Ocasio-Cortez and Rep. Rashida Tlaib (Michigan). Here's what he tweeted on Sunday: So interesting to see 'Progressive' Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don't they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came.
With conducting brutal, medieval style killings, you know what medieval style is? OK. Little pieces. Little pieces. Little pieces, medieval style including the dismemberment of their victims and they enjoyed every minute of it. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
Uh, OK. (Trump is talking about MS-13 here.)
He checked her blood and found out that many, many, many, many, many, many years ago, there could have been somebody and he could have been Indian. And then the Indians got together and they said, we don't want her. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
Elizabeth Warren's attempt to clear up whether she was of Native American heritage was, slightly, more complicated than Trump's description.
I have guys. I have wonderful friends. New York developers, tough guys, smart guys, they're rich. They're this, that. I have middle of the road. I have poor. I have everybody. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
The President of the United States would like you to know he has poor friends, ladies and gentlemen.
We had 14 seasons, think of that. The Apprentice. I proudly signed four bipartisan human trafficking laws securing $400 million to support victims of human trafficking. July 17 (North Carolina rally)
These were two sentences that the President said back-to-back. And, no, I have no idea what he believed the connection to be -- or if he believed there to be one.
So, I wasn't going to watch at all, and then I started thinking about it, and then I watched a little bit at the very beginning and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. So, I ended up watching more than I wanted to. July 25 (Hannity phone call)
I laughed out loud when I read this quote about former special counsel Robert Mueller's testimony on Capitol Hill. Not kidding.
It was sort of good television. July 25 (Hannity phone call)
Remember that Trump, at root, is a TV producer. His lens on the world is cable TV.
Every time, you've never seen an empty seat. We go into these massive arenas and they are packed and there's thousands of people outside. You've never seen an empty seat. July 25 (Hannity phone call)
Crowd size has long been Trump's stand-in for popularity. If 8,000 people in North Carolina turn out to see his rally, how can he be unpopular in all of these fake polls? The logic flaw here, of course, is large enough to fly a 747 through.
Deplorable was not a good day for Hillary. Crooked Hillary. She is a crooked one. Crooked. August 1 (Cincinnati rally)
Yes, of course, the crowd began chanting Lock her up! after Trump said this. On a related note, the 2016 election ended 997 days before he said this.
If a windmill is within two miles of your house, your house is practically worthless. August 1 (Cincinnati rally)
Fun fact about Donald Trump: He really hates windmills. I did a whole video about it! It's one of the things he is most consistent about, actually. Remember this one? If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations, your house just went down 75% in value. And they say the noise causes cancer.
We will be ending the AIDS epidemic shortly in America and curing childhood cancer very shortly. August 1 (Cincinnati rally)
Well, this is good news!
Unlike those big windmills that destroy everybody's property value, kill all the birds. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
Donald Trump vs. the windmill, part 1 billion.
I was a good builder. I built good. I loved building. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
I don't really have much to add here.
Don't worry about the rain, umbrellas work very well, especially when they're made in America. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
Information for life!
I love cranes. I love trucks of all types. Even when I was a little boy at four years old my mother would say, 'You love trucks.'  August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
I love lamp. -- Brick Tamland
I got sued on a thing called emoluments -- emoluments. You ever hear the word -- nobody ever heard of it before. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
It's in the Constitution. I mean, who's ever heard of the Constitution, right?
If [Democrats] got in, your fracking is gone, your coal is gone, you guys -- I don't know what the hell you're going to do. You don't want to make widgets, right? You don't want to make -- do you want to learn how to make a computer, little tiny piece of stuff? You put it with those big beautiful hands of yours, look. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
Big beautiful hands of yours. -- The President of the United States.
I don't know who's going to win but we'll have to hit Pocahontas very hard again if she does win. But she's staging a little bit of a comeback. What a group, Pocahontas and Sleepy Joe. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
This was supposedly an official White House event. Which means taxpayers were paying for the costs of it, not Trump's 2020 campaign. Which is weird because, well, the speech was totally and completely political.
 'Mr. President, please, for the good of the people of Pennsylvania, stop winning, stop creating all of these jobs, stop creating all of this product. Please, sir, please stop winning.'' And I said to them -- and I will say to them we're never going to stop winning because nobody's ever won like what's happened over the last couple of years. Nobody's ever won like you're winning. August 13 (Pennsylvania speech)
The best winning. So much product.
Denmark, I looked forward to going, but I thought that the Prime Minister's statement -- that it was absurd; that it was an absurd idea -- it was nasty. I thought it was an inappropriate statement. All she had to do is say, 'No, we wouldn't be interested.' August 21 (South Lawn)
OK, so. Trump wanted to buy Greenland, which is owned by Denmark. The Danes said no. But it was the way they said no that pissed Trump off. Everyone knows absurd is fighting words, right? RIGHT?
I want guns to be in the hands of people that are mentally stable. And those people, I want them to easily be able to get a gun. But people that are insane, people that are sick up here [points to head], I don't want them to be able to get a gun. August 21 (South Lawn)
The President of the United States on guns.
Doral happens to be within Miami. It's a city. It's a wonderful place. It's a very, very successful area of Florida. It's, very importantly, only five minutes from the airport; the airport is right next door. August 26 (G7 press conference)
Donald Trump owns Doral. Donald Trump is President. Donald Trump was touting Doral as the best location for the next G7 meeting in 2020. Donald Trump knew that if Doral hosted the G7, it would look mighty nice on Doral's marketing materials in the future. Doral will not host the 2020 summit, it turns out.
With Doral, we have a series of magnificent buildings; we call them bungalows. ... The ballrooms are among the biggest in Florida and the best. It's brand new. ... Having it at that particular place, because of the way it's set up, each country can have their own villa, or their own bungalow. August 26 (G7 press conference)
Yeah, not happening.
He was outsmarted by (Russian President Vladimir) Putin. He was outsmarted. President Putin outsmarted President Obama. August 26 (G7 press conference)
The Russian president outsmarted Obama by seizing Crimea? How? Why? So many questions ... and, oh, not for nothing, but Trump called a past president dumb and praised an authoritarian ruler while representing America on foreign soil.
I have a lot of feeling for President Xi. He's very outstanding in so many ways. August 26 (G7 press conference)
My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi? -- Donald Trump, four days earlier
It should have been done by Bush. It should have been done by Clinton. Double Bush. August 26 (G7 press conference)
Double Bush. (The it is equalizing our trade relationship with China.)
I love the UK. I own great property in the UK. I love the UK. I have no idea how my property is doing because I don't care. But I own Turnberry, and I own in Aberdeen, and I own in Ireland, as you know -- Doonbeg -- and great stuff. August 26 (G7 press conference)
Look, I own a lot of property in the UK that I don't care about. I care so little that I am now going to name all the properties I own in the UK.
France is a great nation. It's being run. A lot of things are happening. August 26 (G7 press conference)
Say what you will about France but you can't argue that it's being run. Also, things are happening. A lot of things.
I guess you would start off by saying, 'England.' Right? You know, I ask Boris (Johnson), 'Where's England? What's happening with England?' They don't use it too much anymore. August 26 (G7 press conference)
I, for one, would definitely start off a conversation about Brexit and the European Union by asking why people don't use the word England anymore. Absolutely. This makes perfect sense.
I'm not going to lose that wealth. I'm not going lose it on dreams, on windmills -- which, frankly, aren't working too well. I'm not going to lose it. August 26 (G7 press conference)
The question Trump was answering here? What do you think the world should be doing about climate change? And do you still harbor that skepticism?
North Carolina will truly recover so fast. I know you people so well. Let's not even talk about it. Let's not even talk about it. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
Yeah, we shouldn't talk about Hurricane Dorian. Probably for the best.
I have about like 10 women in the front row and you come from North Carolina and they travel all over the place. Hold up your hands. These are great women. I see them so much and I must say they have other things to do. They look rich as hell to me. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
There are actually a group of people who come to most if not all Trump campaign rallies. WSJ's Mike Bender wrote about them here.
You know the other side, I don't think they're big believers. They're not big believers in religion that I can tell you. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
What evidence did Trump provide for saying that Democrats, as a party, don't have religion? Oh, none.
They want to have drugs pouring into our country. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
Really? Democrats want drugs pouring into the country? Why is this not a bigger story?!?!?
And we have the worst laws. We have the weakest laws in the history of any country. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
We have the worst laws. -- The President of the United States
The Russian hoax was a pure hoax. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
This is a greatest hits level Trump quote. But it also makes our 2019 roundup. Here's why: Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation found that Russia sought to interfere in the 2016 US election with the express intent of helping Trump and hurting Hillary Clinton. Russia did that because they believed a Trump presidency was more beneficial to their interests.
Which, last time I checked, is not how dictionaries define hoax.
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion and socialism. They're socialists. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
This is -- and will be -- Trump's 2020 message. He will repeat it until every voter in the country can recite it by memory. And while it's a gross exaggeration that departs from established facts in some key places -- they're socialists, for one -- it could work.
Boom. Boom. Made in the USA. If you want Made in America, I don't care. What do you like better? Made in America or Made in the USA? September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
Real quote.
Under the normal rules, I'll be out in 2024 so we may have to go for an extra term. September 9 (Fayetteville rally)
If you think he is totally joking about trying to run for a third term, let me introduce you to the entire life so far of Donald Trump.
And then they talk about plastic straws -- I said, what about the plate? What about the wrapper that's made out of a much tougher plastic? September 12 (Baltimore speech to House Republicans)
Boom! Roasted! Take that, environmentalists!
It's gases inside, and read what they say -- if it breaks bring it to your local whatever, have it wrapped, have it this -- what are we doing? What are we doing? September 12 (Baltimore speech to House Republicans)
(He's talking about light bulbs.)
No more cows, no more planes. I guess no more people, right. Because Kevin is just like a cow, he's just smaller. September 12 (Baltimore speech to House Republicans)
In which Donald Trump compares House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy to a cow.
They just said, 'Sir, could you sign?' the Border Patrol said, 'Could you sign your name?' And I did. I autographed one of the bollards. September 18 (Press gaggle aboard Air Force One)
Somewhere near the San Diego-Mexico border, there is a concrete bollard with Donald Trump's signature on it. Because, why not?!
It's all a hoax, folks. It's all a big hoax. September 26 (United Nations press conference)
I will say that we do a lot for Ukraine. We spend a lot of effort and a lot of time. Much more than the European countries are doing and they should be helping you more than they are. ... There's a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped the prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that so whatever you can do with the Attorney General would be great. Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution so if you can look into it ... It sounds horrible to me. -- Donald Trump to Zelensky, according to a White House transcript of their phone conversation
It's going to be virtually impossible to cross unless you are one hell of a mountain climber. September 26 (United Nations press conference)
Trump on his border wall.
I used to get great press until I ran for politics. I mean, I used to be the king of getting good press. I was very good at it and I got good. I mean, they covered me well for what otherwise I probably wouldn't be here. September 26 (United Nations press conference)
He said the quiet part out loud.
The call was perfect, the real call, the call I made. October 2 (Press conference with Finnish president)
We heard this one a LOT in 2019. Of course, Trump is talking about his July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, which kicked off the US House's impeachment inquiry into Trump and his behavior toward Ukraine. And of course, there is wide disagreement over whether that call was, in fact, perfect.
And if you look at this whistleblower's -- which I have a lot of respect, for whistleblowers, but only when they're real -- his report of the phone call was totally different than the fact. October 2 (Press conference with Finnish president)
So, real whistleblowers are better than fake whistleblowers. That makes sense! But also, everything we know about the Ukraine call jibes with the whistleblower complaint. I am not sure, then, what Trump is talking about.
There are those that think I am a very stable genius, OK? October 2 (Press conference with Finnish president)
Yes, geniuses always tell you they are geniuses. And stable people always tell you how stable they are. Sure
Ask the president of Finland a question, please. October 2 (Press conference with Finnish president)
Totally normal stuff! Nothing to see here out of the ordinary!
We never agreed to protect the Kurds for the rest of their lives. October 21 (Cabinet meeting)
If you are a US ally -- like the Kurds! -- and you read this quote, what must you be thinking?
So was there actually an informant? Maybe the informant was Schiff. It could be Shifty Schiff. In my opinion, it's possibly Schiff. October 21 (Cabinet meeting)
OK, so what the President of the United States is accusing the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee with being an informant for the whistleblower? I think? Also, the evidence for this charge is what exactly?
I'm very good at real estate, very, very good; much better than you even understand. ...When you see my financials, which I'll give at the right time, you'll say, 'Man, he was much better than we even thought.' October 21 (Cabinet meeting)
Know why we haven't seen just how tremendous Trump is at real estate? Because he has refused to turn over even a single year of his tax returns.
He died after running into a dead-end tunnel, whimpering and crying and screaming all the way. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
On a Sunday morning, President Donald Trump announced that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi had died as a result of a US raid in northern Syria. And then he kept talking. And taking questions. And more questions. Trump was very interested in painting a specific picture of Baghdadi for the public -- of a cowardly fake tough guy. His detailed description of how Baghdadi met his end was a direct contrast to the light-on-details presentation by President Barack Obama when announcing the death of Osama bin Laden in 2011.
The thug who tried so hard to intimidate others spent his last moments in utter fear, in total panic and dread, terrified of the American forces bearing down on him. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
Like I said, Trump is very interested in you knowing the gritty details -- with the primary aim of casting Baghdadi as a fearful wimp in his last moments.
He died like a dog. He died like a coward. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
So, yeah.
You know, they use the internet better than almost anybody in the world, perhaps other than Donald Trump. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
So, ISIS uses the Internet better than everyone except Donald Trump? OK, got it! Totally normal stuff here!
I've been looking for him for three years. I've been looking for him. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
I've.
If you read about the history of Donald Trump, I was a civilian. I had absolutely nothing to do with going into Iraq and I was totally against it. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
First off, great third-person here by Trump. Second, he was not totally against the war in Iraq.
Our K9, as they call -- I call it a dog, a beautiful dog, a talented dog -- was injured and brought back, but we had no soldier injured. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
A dog, you say? Can't say I'm familiar with the word.
And as I said, they brought body parts back with them, et cetera, et cetera. There wasn't much left. The vest blew up, but there are still substantial pieces that they brought back. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
Whole lotta detail here.
And I'm writing a book. I think I wrote 12 books, all did very well. October 27 (Baghdadi presser)
... Said the President of the United States in a press conference announcing the death of an ISIS leader.
And all you have to do is take a look at Biden and you will see tremendous corruption because what he did is quid pro quo times 10. November 8 (Impromptu press conference)
There is zero evidence of any wrongdoing by Joe Biden vis a vis the removal of a Ukrainian prosecutor. Biden, in his service as vice president, was the face of a broad coalition effort to have the prosecutor dismissed due to concerns about his unwillingness to investigate corruption. Those are the facts.
Let -- let me just tell you, I -- I hardly know the gentleman. November 8 (Impromptu press conference)
Ha, ha, ha...oh wait, he isn't joking. Trump is talking here about Gordon Sondland. Yes, the same Sondland who donated $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee and was rewarded with an posting as the US ambassador to the European Union.
They've gone out and they've gone out of their way to find the people that hate Donald Trump, President Trump, the most. November 8 (Impromptu press conference)
No. Evidence. Any. Witnesses. Hate. Trump.
There is nobody I'd rather run against than Little Michael. November 8 (Impromptu press conference)
Bloomberg, in case you were wondering. Trump, for what it's worth, has said this same thing about Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren and virtually the entirety of the Democratic field.
It was appropriate. It was perfect. It was nice. It was everything. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
The July 25 phone call raised concerns among several longtime diplomats who were either on the call or received a readout of it. And in some cases, they immediately reported their concerns to their superiors. And oh yeah, you can read the transcript of the call and it sure as hell isn't perfect.
Now, Adam Schiff is a sick puppy. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
What's remarkable is that Trump has so stretched the bounds of acceptable conduct that him attacking the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee as a sick puppy barely merits mention.
They were spying on my campaign. This is my opinion. I said it a long time ago. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
This is my opinion. Yes, yes it is. And there is zero factual evidence to back it up.
But Rudy Giuliani was one of the great crime fighters of all time. He's also a friend of mine. He's a great person. He's like an iconic figure in this country for two reasons. He was the greatest mayor in the history of New York and he was the greatest crime fighter probably in the last 50 years. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
If you thought Trump might throw Giuliani under the bus, think again. At least for today.
Look, the ambassador, the woman, she wouldn't even put up -- she's an Obama person. You know, I've -- I said, why are you being so kind? Well, sir, she's a woman, we have to be nice. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
Trump on former Ukraine ambassador Marie Yovanovitch: She's a woman, we have to be nice. Yet more evidence that if you listen long enough, Trump always says the quiet part out loud.
Her way -- you know, you can never define exactly what it is, you understand that. You're a star, OK? Why? Who the hell knows, but you're a star. There aren't many of them. But what happens is, she has become a star. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
Trump on New York Rep. Elise Stefanik. Also, Trump on the intangible qualities of stardom. Truly mesmerizing stuff.
Kellyanne is great. She is married to a total whack job. She must have done number on him. I don't know what Kellyanne did to that guy. November 22 (Fox & Friends interview)
Just to follow Trump's logic here on the Conways: Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior counselor, did a number on her husband, George Conway, which is why George is now so critical of Trump. Which suggests Kellyanne is ultimately responsible? Or something?
I don't watch the stock market. December 4 (Justin Trudeau presser)
I laughed out loud. Not kidding.
Where's Hunter? We want the son. December 4 (Justin Trudeau presser)
Where's Wallace? That's all I wanna know. -- D'Angelo Barksdale
Yeah. This feels like a good place to end -- the year, that is.