`` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the pool-equipment locker and started hauling him out .
I had a one-room studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants , blooming everlastingly in the southern sun .
There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me .
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body .
When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it .
I felt that her eyes were undressing me as if she were a painter and I a nude model .
Perhaps , with my Uncle , she found a measure of economic security that she needed ; ;
some women with father fixations do .
For several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners , and then one day Uncle was slightly indisposed and stayed home ; ;
`` You're the man .
I said .
I suspected why he brought it along .
You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! !
`` Squaresville , man , and all the palazzos are crummy Palasts '' .
Five days later , on receiving it , Meredith sat drumming his dactyls on his writing table .
Dammit ! !
He had returned to the pension a week ago .
Should she wake him ? ?
She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens .
No .
He sneezed .
The Grafin , who was charmed by her , told her , `` Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair .
She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip salve which made her lips glisten but no redder than usual .
As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with coolnesses of intelligence and control .
; ;
in reading , on platforms , even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A. , Poetry Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy .
His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed .
At her door , two or three hours later , Mary Jane whispered , `` Everyone is asleep '' .
For three days , their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea .
He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face .
`` And add fever to our troubles '' ? ?
They'll roll off in another day .
You don't even know where we're headed '' .
His wide mouth compressed .
In a way , he couldn't blame her .
The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound .
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' .
To his puzzlement , there suddenly was no haze .
They cringed under sodden covers , listening to the waves slop against the bottom .
Now and then , the glistening side of a half-swamped object showed as it swept past .
The soaking will put life back in the wagon , too '' .
It speared up into the air , then sinking back , the up-jutting branch turned slowly .
Ben's eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slashed with gray and crimson .
Hope surged within him .
Brassnose , Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat .
`` Let's get away fast '' , said Brassnose , shaking water from his mop of bleached hair .
`` Sommers , you bale while we row '' , Brassnose commanded .
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands ; ;
In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own , the big bo'sun's mate quavered :
You are welcome to Eromonga .
others still had whitened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them .
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh .
I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily , hoping it would make an impression on the women : `` This one is the maku Frayne .
This was the worst thing I could have said .
Miraculously , Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of Pamasu back to their war canoes , after considerable loss of life on both sides .
Benson grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble .
It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed .
When they were ready to leave , Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer .
Slender and tanned , her dark brown hair was drawn straight back , simply .
The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her .
There was nothing in particular on the man's face .
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin .
The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again , with his fist .
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes .
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him .
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment .
Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey .
The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in levis .
The fear had not entirely gone from her face , but there were some other emotions now , crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth .
She's got more guts than any other woman in the world .
And for the hundredth time that week , he was startled at her beauty .
Penny would not rise to his mood .
For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam , past the Khasi Hills , and into Bengal , past Sirinjani and Madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal .
He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals .
That is , everyone but Keith and Penny .
The bomb was a solitary one .
Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma .
Peacocks strutted across their path , preening .
A phony blonde hanging onto a bygone youth and beauty , but irreparably stringy in the neck , she was already working on her second gin and tonic , though it was not yet ten A.M.
But when it happens to you like that , I tell you , and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well , it makes you think .
`` Our boy didn't chicken out , no sir .
`` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. Forsythe said , and gave her brassy laugh .
`` That's my boy '' ! !
`` Rob's not going to give up as easy as all that '' .
Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy , the kid he had rescued from the streets , the object of his pride .
`` But surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy .
Whatever you tell him he will dive .
`` I do not drink so much '' .
And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ;
`` Holy Mary , Mother of God , Star of the Sea , stay Thou with me on this next dive .
He crossed himself again and rose .
`` Well , I was a little bit confused .
For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time .
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide .
`` Come out , come out in the meadow '' , Matsuo said under his breath .
A signal ? ?
Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills .
faint creaking of belts and slings ; ;
Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there .
He wanted the arrogant marine to know fear , and so he aimed above the head .
Hush followed .
He wore no head cover of any kind and , more odd , had no visible weapon .
In one : a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter , both sticky from the man's bleeding .
Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief .
Too bad the marine had no water .
The marine reached up a hand .
Not only had he no canteen , but he lacked even the belt to hang one on .
He sniffed and recognized it .
Every so often he turned the knife .
The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment .
He would soon die .
Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder .
He performed the act twice more , and the begging in his tone grew more distinct .
down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out .
He had no water for an enemy .
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were .
`` Since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ?
He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer .
Tilghman's clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and clipped the big gunfighter on the side of his chin .
In two minutes the body of Tilghman's former comrade , who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial .
`` That critter will be back tomorrow '' , predicted George Rust , `` and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him .
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it .
Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived .
Fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back .
Here he couldn't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang .
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book .
Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and hammered on it .
`` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman .
Along each side of the room were six tiered bunks , each one screened off with a curtain .
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man .
He strolled back to the door , whistling softly , hands still clasped behind him .
If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly .
`` Don't say or do anything '' , he said softly .
`` You'll stay right here '' , commanded Bill Doolin , covering Red with his rifle .
He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him .
But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right .
She would look at Jack , with that hidden something in her eyes , and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick .
About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him , he thought , although probably she didn't even see him .
He ate litle that morning , and his mother became concerned , inasmuch as he usually ate heartily .
`` I'll be all right .
Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the Dixie Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school .
But Jack always derived vicarious sensual thrills from Charles' revelations ( even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention ) , so he usually invited them , as he did now .
`` No .
What '' ? ?
`` How'd you do it '' ? ?
`` Hell , yes .
`` Time for books '' , she yelled , jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand .
`` Miss Langford , come out and play with us like you promised '' , several of the little girls called .
`` Maybe some of 'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress '' .
He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class .
And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home .
The white girl with the penetrating green eyes sipped the lemonade handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had coppery skin and beetling eyebrows .
He proudly wore the blue livery of her house , for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. Louis Lalaurie , who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names .
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms .
You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' .
I want you to find Monsieur Prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase .
His bold eyes raked the woman , and a perceptive spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner .
Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician pecked it like a timid rooster .
I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite precocious in many ways .
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition .
Convulsively , he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator Gaston Berche , crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore .
The ball broke up in confusion .
After I paid Monsieur Prieur for Dandy , I brought him home , but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night .
How he returned in such a ghastly condition , or why , I cannot say .
Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' .
The excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital .
the coachman and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down Perdido Street .
The fugitive cried out in an oddly sibilant voice : `` Help me , somebody ! !
He had been conning the freights for a long , long time now .
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly .
He grinned at them wolfishly .
She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her .
He cleared his throat ; ;
`` Where'd you come from , Mr. -- uh -- Mr. Smith '' ? ?
She snapped at him .
We haven't had anything to eat all day '' .
Joviality suffused Feathertop Ernie Cargill's voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a battered carpet bag , with leather handles .
He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and belched ferociously .
Or the bay of female dogs in heat .
She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino '' .
This place was hatred to him , just as hatred was his only companion in his aloneness .
Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash .
He would not be like the `` rich Americans '' who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park .
He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning .
The eyes , blue and always somewhat downcast , possessed a sullen quality .
Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap .
`` Evadna Mae Evans said she didn't put a thing on her child but a flannel wrapper until it was nine months old '' .
`` Well now , Maggie , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said .
The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days .
The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ;
There weren't facilities to take care of them ; ;
Something had to be done ; ;
The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms .
`` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' .
`` I read it , yes .
`` Pictures '' ? ?
Wait for me , Laban , I'll be dressed in half a second '' ! !
Tolley's going is my fault .
Never , `` Quit that , you sor'l devil '' ! !
She musn't annoy Gunny whose foal was due then too ! !
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards .
Jenny's aversion to having Dr. Dunne , a former admirer , seemed silly to him , but he would humor her , get anybody she wanted , the best never being too good for her .
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure .
He would be in the barn , or riding for the veterinarian ! !
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! !
Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it .
It made him pretty hot under the collar , after the idea Miss Sis had given him , to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer and next , if you please , and that much as she regretted it , they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children .
`` Why of course not '' , Zion said uncomfortably .
Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel .
In winter , in the city , there had been the Maneret School , which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge ; ;
But I would have gone anyway , thought Henrietta .
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her .
Leaning out , she could see a tangle of rosebush and honeysuckle , one not quite come to bloom , one just beyond it .
The poodle came gleefully to Henrietta and begged for the flowers , supplicating the air with prayerful forepaws .
`` Rests the tissues '' , he said , `` and pacifies the system .
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses .
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit .
Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the headstones had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named `` Dorothy Tredding '' seemed suddenly impossible .
`` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ?
`` All wrong ones '' ! !
`` Uh -- sorry '' ! !
She looked around , self-consciously .
And so she was , and would remain .
after coming to America , her parents had spoken only English .
She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men .
Perhaps a packing trip into the Sierras , let his beard grow -- but that was too stark .
He was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door .
`` Why is that '' ? ?
She apparently wasn't satisfied with his reaction .
`` How did you get by the desk '' ? ?
`` I didn't say it was Christian .
`` You know '' , he said , getting a grip on himself , `` I think you're going to have to excuse me .
Can't you help them '' ? ?
he heard her knocking on another door .
This proved conclusively that The Wrangler was a jinx , so he walked on down to Hurrays , an even more glorified gambling den than the Golden Calf .
When he looked in the back , Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards .
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction .
Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck .
He was knocking down checks at faro '' .
`` Something about the pollen '' .
`` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' .
Spencer said nothing .
Alexander said , `` Answer me properly , Spencer '' .
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror .
Mr. Heiser , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ?
As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer , we are going to be rushed .
And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul .
Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist .
Dear God , at what a price .
And after a while , he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity .
Stern-faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason .
Captain , I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship '' .
`` I cannot speak for others , sir , but I am innocent '' .
Now Spencer , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke .
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell .
It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in shackles to the wardroom , where a class of apprentices awaited him .
This was a training ship and the training would continue , but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized .
Some of these apprentices were , in physical strength , already men and doubtless a percentage of them were Spencer's followers .
A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides .
Like the ones you will see now '' .
The dirty , discolored buildings looked boarded up , and their few windows stood high above our heads .
Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher .
They chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick .
His tightly curled paot hung down to his narrow shoulders .
His head barely rose above the table .
The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps .
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' .
She wished to change much for the children here '' .
When she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved .
And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people .
Ready to follow her impulse .
She set out to make sure that no Jewish child anyplace in the world had to live in a place such as this '' .
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe .
It was silent in the stone alley .
`` I know him '' .
She was limp and beaten from her loss ; ;
The big waking up had happened .
And Gratt Shafer would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would , just like everybody knew all along .
Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him .
And in a way the promise works out true , for whether he wants you or not , you go with him in your heart .
And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success .
Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments .
The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones .
The others , the ones in the stands , were spellbound , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City .
Each of us had his own specialty besides .
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration .
I remember once I did a jacket for Magpie Press ; ;
the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3 , , and I did a week of research to get the details just right : the fifteenth-century armor , furnishings , clothes .
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' .
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think .
As for Donald , he actually sold paintings .
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' .
Askington was a kind of goal I set myself ; ;
The night we first met , at one of Mrs. Monmouth's giant parties , he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt ; ;
Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ;
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain .
In the course of our talk , Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying .
`` By yourself '' ? ?
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers .
I asked .
`` Osric Pendleton '' ? ?
Still painting , still a kind of modern impressionist , beautiful canvases of mountains and farms .
We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity .
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' .
Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week .
`` What a fool I've been '' , she said quietly .
I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace , and then the lawyer would tear up all those things
But the next day -- Sunday .
Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove , absent itself , unsee .
The search began , in all the rooms , running upstairs , down , opening closets , talking , exclaiming in rushes and gasps .
But it seemed not from what they were saying .
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ?
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock , a misstep .
Was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks ? ?
Even now I am appalled at how little anyone knows of what they really are .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
`` We all feel guilty '' , I turned away from her coldly .
`` It was nobody's fault .
If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination , her search into herself and its conclusions .
By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the chapel-like auditorium with its discreet symbols of religious faiths .
`` I had a rather small place of my own .
`` Well , what about you , Carla '' ? ?
She asked , turning slowly .
`` What's the matter with them '' ? ?
Look at them '' .
`` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles .
`` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face .
When they got home at midnight she was tired out .
It would be good for her .
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know .
It was all too wearying .
Look somewhere else .
It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla .
`` Why not '' ? ?
The Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee .
But very mystical too .
No , he was indeed a saint now .
Did Signor Raymond understand ? ?
Early Spring came from her bed , from beside her half-drunk husband , Walitzee , and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion , the sound of hushed voices .
But the girl said only , `` Tell him I am here , that I have come '' .
And Early Spring seized the whip and said :
`` If you must flog someone , let it be her , your daughter .
`` Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women .
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do .
But she went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness , smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote .
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics .
They went into the sun together and paraded grandly in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred attis dug far off in the cave of skeletons .
Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay , knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees .
And the suspicious , envenomed eyes of Pile of Clouds .
He felt so much like laughing ; ;
but she found the path she always used , the stubs of branches she had broken , those she had pushed aside ; ;
They were becoming confused .
Oh God ! !
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him .
His fingers felt absurdly thick and clumsy .
He was drinking another glass of water .
It was after seven o'clock .
`` Pietro's driving me .
She asked him .
`` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home .
He stood up .
`` Oh , just sort of everything in general '' .
`` Yes , perhaps .
I'm supposed to joke about things , aren't I ? ?
Don't work too hard '' .
`` I bumped into a door handle '' , George said .
''
`` They make us conformists look good '' .
Susan ready '' ? ?
You'll see , Myra's settling down '' .
whenever Lucy saw her , she tried , without noise or fuss , to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra .
Get moving '' ! !
The only thing that had ever come between them was that worthless , selfish sister of his .
And when you get back from Grandma's , Cathy will be here to play with you .
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests .
`` Websterville Junction calling '' , she said .
she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her .
Cowbird Myra ! !
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here .
He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir Quintus the Brave '' , slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses .
When you get back I'll probly be swimming better than Victoria .
Or , what was worse , she prayed for him out loud at bedtime : `` Please , Lord Gord , please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised '' .
I can't go in .
He snapped .
`` Isn't '' .
`` Is '' .
They started with the Kansas-Nebraska Bill of eighteen '' --
Not having said `` hell '' before , he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum .
`` Why don't you paint it red and white like a barber pole '' ? ?
Quint glared .
Come home or I'll come find you '' .
As for dancing -- holy mackerel , he ought to see the gypsies in Jerez ; ;
Sometimes they argued .
Next morning he tied a bunch of sea daisies with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around .
He had to go into the water .
Then there was a spat over something , as there had been lovers' spats before ; ;
It wasn't even John and Edythe .
John was good at his job .
But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ;
But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I think .
Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling .
`` Now , I believe Poor John'll work just a little harder .
I answered to find Nadine at the other end .
`` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said .
I'll call you there in ten minutes '' --
Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me .
Her face was flushed from sleep .
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' .
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone .
I told Nadine everything was fine , and that I'd be getting on home .
Well , there wasn't any law that said I had to stay ! !
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead .
`` You stay out of this '' , she spat at me .
And the other people there were listening ! !
`` Tea , '' Nadine screeched .
Wally's lost his job ! !
`` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much .
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side .
`` And told him right to his face he'd never slept with a woman '' ! !
They had not only spent every cent -- they were in debt up to their necks , owing on everything they owned .
Worst of all , Wally had no training for any kind of work .
It was easy enough to say it , because of course we couldn't spare a cent .
Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! !
Then I felt uncomfortable , too .
`` The high school kids have got everything sewed up '' , he said , a whine in his voice .
`` By fall they'll be back in school '' , I'd say , trying to sound encouraging .
And I couldn't take six more weeks of this .
Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday , but a dinner meeting as well , that kept me up late .
But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all .
As usual , Gladdy's bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table .
I looked at the chart for reassurance .
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled .
`` I've got the results on the Bancroft smear test '' , he said .
There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it .
`` I've just been talking to Dr. Michelson '' , I said .
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about .
`` No '' .
Even if we do , you'll be out of here in a week , probably '' .
`` No '' .
I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why .
`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said .
`` I've got cancer , haven't I '' ? ?
She went on , disregarding my protests .
I stared at her , almost speechless .
`` I never asked you for any favors , Joe '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now .
If I let her go , she'd disappear once more .
Once before I had been to Paris , long before I married Valery .
That's what was on my mind .
I was just miserable .
Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick .
I knew all about her .
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before .
I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it .
I was hungry as a wolf , and my body felt lean and vital .
`` What is this for '' ? ?
The coffee wasn't very hot though , made in a filter pot , but it was good .
`` You are very tactful , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked .
`` I carry one in my purse .
We had champagne and steamed mussels .
England , France , Germany , Switzerland , and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again , and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics , she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight , to see all these places with her own eyes .
Marvelous , thought Theresa , climbing in her portly , well-bred way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything .
Other people were doing it , too , sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above , watching the azaleas mass , or just enjoying the sun .
how could you be both at once ? ?
Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec , brother and sister -- unmarried , devoted , aging -- had lived next door to the Stubblefields in Tuxapoka from time immemorial until the Stubblefields had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago .
He was full of heavy family reminiscence .
He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his bathrobe , on a footstool .
They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .
He was younger than Theresa : she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes , while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not unamused .
But there is more in this than meets the eye .
`` No , no '' ! !
Theresa Stubblefield , still holding the family letters in one hand , realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin Elec's death and `` doing something '' about Cousin Emma .
It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac , Dickens , and Stendhal while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation .
I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck .
Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line .
She wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her .
It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time .
Yet even then we did nothing much but talk , and maybe neck a little .
You wouldn't '' .
I wanted him , with a terrifying fierceness .
`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ?
I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them .
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible .
So I went to Boston .
`` I -- I don't think so , Ronald .
`` No -- really '' .
In the cold light of day , it seemed a lunatic arrangement .
And where was the thing ? ?
The doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi ; ;
From now on , his was going to be a man's world : the North Woods , duck blinds at dawning , beer and poker and male secretaries .
In these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia .
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ;
`` Would you mind wrapping your onion '' ? ?
Said this note .
He got a red pill and a beer and then , on impulse , transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled `` Be my guest '' on the wrapping .
I mean , she's still living , and she's ninety-six .
But then , redheads are often pale .
Up on a dune , he saw a girl , all by herself , sitting on a camp stool before an easel and absorbed in her painting .
`` Of course I don't mind '' , she answered .
Now Vivian , for instance , was not too long on sympathy .
Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to subside , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion .
There was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot .
But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late .
The fighters were separated in a few minutes .
Mike yelled to the catcher .
Only Mike got to his feet .
It was a cold and calculated look .
The first ball the hefty pitcher threw came in for Mike's head .
In the Riverside dugout Frankie Ricco , shortstop , whispered into Phil's ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' .
Phil sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head .
Eddie Lee had not come in yet .
`` Well ! !
Phil turned away and opened his locker , and then he heard Mike Deegan say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! !
Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door .
`` No '' , Eddie said .
Phil stood up .
You haven't got the heart for baseball '' .
Baseball's no cinch .
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
Phil said : `` I got my release '' .
Phil started to take his clothes off and Frankie sat down on the bench again .
Phil looked up .
`` Sure '' , he said .
At dinner one night , when he was fourteen , Richard announced , `` There is only one god '' .
As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been incarcerated in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York .
He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames .
Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried .
In time , he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity .
She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small tea-drinking parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes , although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations .
`` Well , it's at Fudomae and there was a tan young man , quite naked , taking a shower in the pool .
I've been there a number of times .
That night , after leaving Charlotte's apartment , Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room .
He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple , and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him .
I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful .
He was multi-colored and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly .
I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die .
My head began to ache , and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes , and I hated the job suddenly , and I thought , there are only moments when one sees beautiful things , and these are soon crushed , or they vanish .
I knew the boy well .
I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ;
I pointed to the splintered , upright stake .
He tried to take my hand to show me .
`` You saw the colors of it , didn't you ? ?
I wrenched the stake out , that the boy had driven through it in the thickest part of its body , between the colored diamond crystals .
And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there .
`` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' .
`` Don't you see the difference now '' ? ?
I thought , you little brute , you nasty , selfish , little beast , with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes .
Tax worries , production worries , personnel worries , and the letter from Hanford College , his own alma mater , a real snapper .
Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago .
Height , 6' .
A woman had it or she didn't .
She said what she meant and let it be .
He whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator .
Cady looked at Tom , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years .
`` Board meeting tonight , Cady '' ? ?
`` Hear anything from Hanford yet , Dad '' ? ?
Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot .
`` And he wasn't really elected treasurer of the science club .
Don't worry , Cady , he'll be back in the Beethoven fold by next year '' .
Anne folded the worrisome document .
He hasn't used it now for several years .
For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back .
They had left themselves too much to discover .
Martin gave her a teasing pat .
For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests .
She'll rush to the bedroom when the doorbell rings .
At first he could not be sure .
A glissade of giggles slid over their voices .
For some reason , this ellipsis in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic .
About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough .
Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by .
Of course , the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts .
To them all Dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale .
`` You were in a hurry , weren't you '' ? ?
His mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit .
Sooner or later , Dolores would crack .
The tale , he thought , would become less gay .
Extending her fingers another inch , she caught up the shorts , and swiftly left the room .
She did not look at him , but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes unsteady .
They breakfasted together , but Martin did not refer to his triumph , and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen , bobbing up and down from the table so that talk was impossible .
The conversion will cost a fortune .
`` Which is a frightful prospect , Bill '' .
Not to William's surprise , Freddy , Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed ; ;
Through Jack Hamrick , William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay .
Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end .
William spent a long week end closeted with Hamrick .
Initially , Hamrick's reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging .
Then he caught fire .
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white .
You mustn't take a fall , or publicly back away .
I hate that .
Forgive the hearts and flowers theme '' .
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three .
Heads instinctively turned in Willis' direction .
On their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants .
The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! !
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity .
No one knew .
So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly :
`` Barco , we've got the goods on you ! !
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial .
He queried .
''
Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location .
With quibs and gibes , the policemen again started digging .
`` There's something here '' ! !
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough .
Then , noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds , he made his way to the Byzantine room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the rostrum .
But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts .
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .
Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller , I resumed my everyday voice .
Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like Jennie's holding her breath and pretending to black out , Miranda's dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table , and various screeches , thuds , and giggles .
How about them , I thought .
Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in Catatonia .
They were `` personalities '' .
She was the daughter and sole heiress of either a cattle baron or an oil millionaire and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a dabbler in various fields .
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks by wearing Bermuda shorts and knee-length socks in colors ; ;
Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human .
Besides Francesca , there was Blanche .
She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive .
all were fellows of finite charm .
I never thought I'd live to hear people chuckle and say `` zounds '' ! !
In real life .
people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on `` Person to Person '' ; ;
They're not even food .
They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast '' .
Could it do otherwise ? ?
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all imperilled .
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' .
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches , when Letch and a certain Aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ;
As Letch's antisocial conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` screenland '' gathering .
The `` shooting '' went on for eight months ! !
Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` bookies '' , illegal gambling dens , a certain `` residential club for young actresses '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club .
It turned out to be a life of Martin Luther , of all things ! !
)
Letch had returned from his debacle unrepentant and more badly behaved than before .
`` Bookies , booze and babes '' , Momma said bluntly .
They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys .
Did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter , shave , clean out a barn , read a newspaper , than a man of thirty ? ?
During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done .
Thus committed , action might follow .
Add things as you find you need 'em '' .
After that everything should be simpler .
While Mr. Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench , Mr. Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar .
There was no question of that .
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair .
`` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' .
`` I have a thousand things for you to do .
`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' .
`` Did you or did you not say what I said you said , because Jane said you never said what I said '' ? ?
Questions like this , framed in verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician .
`` It took me five hours to write it that way '' .
Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man , his wife , or me '' ? ?
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' .
Readers of the Reader's Digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a California paper that advertised `` House for rent .
`` Officials Meet on rubbish .
Many Shapes in bathtubs .
Apart from journalese and vaudeville gags , the anatomical is also found in jocular literature .
But since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed .
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing .
`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' .
And yet it is not .
`` What have you got on today '' ? ?
`` I am '' , he said .
`` No '' , she smiled , `` objected '' .
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' .
`` I was wrong '' , I admitted .
In the railway station at Berlin , a uniformed attendant was chanting , ' Foreigners this way ! !
`` What's the matter with the music '' ? ?
The sentimental pure heart of Galahad is gone with the knightly years , but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' .
`` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ?
`` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him .
I myself hear it said constantly -- in drawing-rooms .
In them , there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' .
I stood up and began pacing .
Nevertheless , like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually , Khrushchev , the anti-personality cultist , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has .
`` There was also Gott strafe Angleterre '' , Moreland reminded me , `` and Carthago delenda est , or if you will , Deus strafe Carthage .
It isn't what the ideologist believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy .
One day , the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse .
Arlene had a hard voice , too , this time .
The policeman's eyes rather popped for a second ; ;
but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry , and she said , `` If it wasn't for these dear children '' -- .
But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' .
They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time , but it made their lips and eyelids tremble .
His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders .
But not General Burnside .
Or his horse .
And Arlene showed them how to begin .
She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting .
`` It must be awfully good for them .
And I found a radish .
Was it an omen ? ?
They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door .
He was forced to wipe his eyes .
He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people .
According to the myth , Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right , but Director Shuz skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss Arapacis walk across the stage .
The night he saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo , complaining -- in ad-lib -- that `` it smelled '' .
For example , probably very few people know that the word `` visrhanik '' that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb `` bouanahsha '' : to salivate .
As he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra , Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos , including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza , which was included at the conductor's insistence .
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet , progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso , and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning .
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves .
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu .
So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake .
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .
Well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the Wheel of the Law specifies ) toward impious folk who steal , disturb , or maltreat the Presence .
Hell's own amount of chaulmoogra oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; ;
But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention .
One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap .
he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire .
he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once , clearly a man in extremis .
